Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard! #MAGA

THANK YOU Lexington, Kentucky! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Governor @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket. America is thriving like never before  and the BEST IS YET TO COME!

Congratulations to the Washington @Nationals, 2019 World Series Champions!

My son, @DonaldJTrumpJr is coming out with a new book, Triggered: How the Left Thrives on Hate and Wants to Silence Us  available tomorrow, November 5th! A great new book that I highly recommend for ALL to read. Go order it today!

All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!

Read the Transcript!

Big Rally in Kentucky TONIGHT for a man who has worked really hard &amp; done a GREAT job, Gov @MattBevin. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matts leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military, our Vets and our 2A. Vote Tuesday!

I dont like him using my name to build his consulting company, or whatever. Please advise his clients and Administration officials accordingly

Many people say they know me, claiming to be best friends and really close etc., when I dont know these people at all. This happens, I suppose, to all who become President. With that being stated, I dont know, to the best of my knowledge, a man named Michael Esposito

Stock Market hits RECORD HIGH. Spend your money well!

There is no Whistleblower. There is someone with an agenda against Donald Trump. What he was blowing the whistle on didnt happen. We have the transcript of the call. This is all a farce and no Republican should forget that. @dbongino @foxandfriends

95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!

The Whistleblower gave false information &amp; dealt with corrupt politician Schiff. He must be brought forward to testify. Written answers not acceptable! Where is the 2nd Whistleblower? He disappeared after I released the transcript. Does he even exist? Where is the informant? Con!

What I said on the phone call with the Ukrainian President is perfectly stated. There is no reason to call witnesses to analyze my words and meaning. This is just another Democrat Hoax that I have had to live with from the day I got elected (and before!). Disgraceful!

Mark Levin, a great lawyer and scholar, said last night on his @marklevinshow, that all you have to do is read the transcript of the call, you do not need Never Trumpers or other witnesses to say what it means or says. It is plainly and very well stated for all to see. Witch Hunt

Great! But how do you know it was a mistweet? May be something with deep meaning!

Louisiana, get out and Vote Early for @EddieRispone as your next Governor. Lower Taxes and car insurance. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. John Bel Edwards is always fighting our MAGA Agenda. Wants to raise your taxes and car insurance to the sky. Vote for Republican Eddie R!

Great Republican Geary Higgins has my complete and total Endorsement for Virginia Senate, 13th District. He is strong on Crime, the Border, our Military, Cutting Taxes, and protecting your 2nd Amendment. Dem John Bell will take your guns &amp; raise your taxes. Vote for Geary Higgins

@marklevinshow Mark Levin: We ought to talk about the substance of this phone call. We have the call, I dont know what we need witnesses for? Cant we read English? Do I need a Whistleblower to tell me what Im reading? Do I need a Lt. C. to tell me? NO. So plain and simple!

Good point!

We wont Steve!

Dont miss this show!

False stories are being reported that a few Republican Senators are saying that President Trump may have done a quid pro quo, but it doesnt matter, there is nothing wrong with that, it is not an impeachable event. Perhaps so, but read the transcript, there is no quid pro quo!

should give their own transcripts of the interviews to contrast with Schiffs manipulated propaganda. House Republicans must have nothing to do with Shiftys rendition of those interviews. He is a proven liar, leaker &amp; freak who is really the one who should be impeached!

If Shifty Adam Schiff, who is a corrupt politician who fraudulently made up what I said on the call, is allowed to release transcripts of the Never Trumpers &amp; others that are &amp; were interviewed, he will change the words that were said to suit the Dems purposes. Republicans

Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in, those numbers will go rapidly in the other direction. On Tuesday, Vote Republican!

I hope everyone in the Great State of Virginia will get out and VOTE on Tuesday in all of the local and state elections to send a signal to D.C. that you want lower taxes, a strong Military, Border &amp; 2nd Amendment, great healthcare, and must take care of our Vets. VOTE REPUBLICAN

The Fake News Media is working hard so that information about the Whistleblowers identity, which may be very bad for them and their Democrat partners, never reaches the Public

The Democrats are Fixers, and they are working overtime to FIX the Impeachment Process in order to hurt the Republican Party and me. Nancy Pelosi should instead Fix her broken District and Corrupt Adam should clean up &amp; manage the California forests which are always burning!

Fake News!

The Angry Majority!

Many people listened to my phone call with the Ukrainian President while it was being made. I never heard any complaints. The reason is that it was totally appropriate, I say perfect. Republicans have never been more unified, and my Republican Approval Rating is now 95%!

and FEDERAL CONTRACTOR SPIES stories. The finest law enforcement on the planet could not have shown a ROADMAP like that which was produced by you. @OANN should be VERY proud of this great work. I wish more people were seeking the facts and the truth. Keep it up!

Thank you to @OANN for the absolutely incredible Special Report narrated by @PearsonSharp. Seldom do the American people get to see journalistic work of this quality. Now it would be great if the legitimate sections of law enforcement would study your SMEARS, SPIES AND LIES

Morrison testifies he saw nothing wrong with the Trump call. @OANN

Matt has been a GREAT Governor. Kentucky (I Love You!), please be sure to vote for Matt Bevin on TUESDAY. Matt will never let you down, and we have to send a strong signal to Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats. See you on Monday night, VOTE TUESDAY!!!

Walking into Madison Square Garden last night with @danawhite for the big @UFC Championship fight was a little bit like walking into a Trump Rally. Plenty of MAGA &amp; KAG present. Great energy. Fantastic job Dana! Heading to D.C. and then to Kentucky for a big @MattBevin Rally

Great fight Champ!

The Whistleblower got it sooo wrong that HE must come forward. The Fake News Media knows who he is but, being an arm of the Democrat Party, dont want to reveal him because there would be hell to pay. 
 Reveal the Whistleblower and end the Impeachment Hoax!

putting these massive, and many, fires out. Great firefighters! Also, open up the ridiculously closed water lanes coming down from the North. Dont pour it out into the Pacific Ocean. Should be done immediately. California desperately needs water, and you can have it now!

The Governor of California, @GavinNewsom, has done a terrible job of forest management. I told him from the first day we met that he must clean his forest floors regardless of what his bosses, the environmentalists, DEMAND of him. Must also do burns and cut fire stoppers

Every year, as the fires rage &amp; California burns, it is the same thing-and then he comes to the Federal Government for $$$ help. No more. Get your act together Governor. You dont see close to the level of burn in other states...But our teams are working well together in

Didnt he pick the Whistleblower?

A giant Scam!

Schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. He is a corrupt politician!

The Whistleblower has disappeared. Where is the Whistleblower?

Big Rally in Kentucky on Monday night for a man who has worked really hard &amp; done a GREAT job, Governor @MattBevin. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matts leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military, our Vets and our 2nd Amendment. Vote Tuesday!

Louisiana has a chance to have a really great Governor in @EddieRispone. Auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming way down with Eddie, and your 2nd Amendment will be protected. Current Democrat governor has done a really poor job! VOTE EARLY FOR EDDIE!

Tate Reeves will be a great Governor of Mississippi, and what an electric Rally last night. Vote for Tate on Tuesday!

A great new book by Howie Carr, What Really Happened, How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton, is on sale now. Howie is a talented New England force who was there at the very beginning!

The Whistleblower must come forward to explain why his account of the phone call with the Ukrainian President was so inaccurate (fraudulent?). Why did the Whistleblower deal with corrupt politician Shifty Adam Schiff and/or his committee?

You cant Impeach someone who hasnt done anything wrong!

Oh no, Beto just dropped out of race for President despite him saying he was born for this. I dont think so!

Republicans have never been more unified than they are right now! The Dems are a mess under the corrupt leadership of Nervous Nancy Pelosi and Shifty Adam Schiff!

our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a Mayor and Governor just dont have their backs. New Yorks Finest must be cherished, respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work

with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!

I love New York, but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother of Fredo), or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work (and to keep him out of jams), a reason some dont want to be

in New York, and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high, Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack &amp; drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes &amp; creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty &amp; unsafe again, as

with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!

our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a Mayor and Governor just dont have their backs. New Yorks Finest must be cherished, respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work

in New York, and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high, Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack &amp; drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes &amp; creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty &amp; unsafe again, as

I love New York, but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother if Fredo), or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work (and to keep him out of jams), a reason some dont want to be

Stock Market up BIG! Record highs for S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ. Enjoy!

Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!

LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities, High Taxes, and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisianas economy and your Second Amendment rights

Louisiana, Ill see you tonight. Big Rally for Eddie R. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR. Early voting starts! @EddieRispone

@FoxNews  @BillHemmer  The public is watching and seeing for themselves how unfair this process is. Corrupt politicians, Pelosi and Schiff, are trying to take down the Republican Party. It will never happen, we will take back the House!

Adam Schiff has taken all of the power for himself. That is very unfair. There were dozens of people on this call, yesterdays witness knew that and had no problems (nor did any of them). Facts matter, and thats why this is not about Impeachment. Guy Lewis, former prosecutor

ISIS has a new leader. We know exactly who he is!

The Democrats need more than this. @tombrokaw  Much more!

The Democrats are so immersed in this (SCAM). They couldnt care less about the American people! @RushLimbaughEIB

Wow, a blowout JOBS number just out, adjusted for revisions and the General Motors strike, 303,000. This is far greater than expectations. USA ROCKS!

Chicago will never stop its crime wave with the current Superintendent of Police. It just wont happen! Thank you to Kevin Graham and all of the GREAT Chicago Police Officers I just had the privilege to meet. Tremendous crime fighting potential if allowed to do your thing!

This is the biggest, most disgusting scandal, and its all on the Democrat  Party that has highjacked the Impeachment process, our tax dollars, the House of Representatives, to push their 2020 Election. Thats whats going on. @marklevinshow  Cannot be said any better!

It has been 3 years and Donald Trump hasnt done anything wrong. Donald Trump hasnt done a single thing of which he has been accused. @RushLimbaughEIB  @seanhannity  A Witch Hunt like no other!

Thanks Lee!

But the Crooked Democrats dont want people to know this! Thank you to Tim Morrison for your honesty

A great place!

Thank you!

this decision, but in the end it will be best for all concerned. As President, I will always be there to help New York and the great people of New York. It will always have a special place in my heart!

1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, the White House, is the place I have come to love and will stay for, hopefully, another 5 years as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, but my family and I will be making Palm Beach, Florida, our Permanent Residence. I cherish New York, and the people of

New York, and always will, but unfortunately, despite the fact that I pay millions of dollars in city, state and local taxes each year, I have been treated very badly by the political leaders of both the city and state. Few have been treated worse. I hated having to make

The home of Nancy Pelosi. I cant believe her voters can be happy with the job she and the Do Nothing Democrats are doing! San Francisco has really gone down hill. So sad!

While the Do Nothing Democrats FAIL the American People, and continue the Impeachment Scam, my Administration will continue to deliver REAL RESULTS, as seen over the past month, below!

The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!

The Impeachment Hoax is hurting our Stock Market. The Do Nothing Democrats dont care!

our manufacturers. We should have lower interest rates than Germany, Japan and all others. We are now, by far, the biggest and strongest Country, but the Fed puts us at a competitive disadvantage. China is not our problem, the Federal Reserve is! We will win anyway

People are VERY disappointed in Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. The Fed has called it wrong from the beginning, too fast, too slow. They even tightened in the beginning. Others are running circles around them and laughing all the way to the bank. Dollar &amp; Rates are hurting

READ THE TRANSCRIPT!

China and the USA are working on selecting a new site for signing of Phase One of Trade Agreement, about 60% of total deal, after APEC in Chile was canceled do to unrelated circumstances. The new location will be announced soon. President Xi and President Trump will do signing!

Congratulations to @FoxNews, you left @CNN &amp; @MSNBC in the dust (thats because the dont tell the truth!)

Thank you Matt

never be allowed to roll into a winter showtrial. Indeed, allowing a long, drawn out trial in the Senate would merely validate and perpetuate the fraud begun in the House. The crisis is of the Democrats own making, and its up to Republicans to make sure this never happens

to any President, of either party, again. Laura @IngrahamAngle

Now is the time for Republicans to stand together and defend the leader of their party against these smears. It would be one thing if there were any indication of an underlying crime, but there is not-not in the transcripts, and not in the secret witness testimony that

the Dems have selectively leaked. Nor was there any corrupt intent on the part of the President. Remember, the President knew that that call was being heard and documented by many people. Anyone with intent would be a tad more discreet, dont you think? This farce should

Congratulations to the Washington Nationals on a great season and an incredible World Series. Game 7 was amazing! @Nationals

Thank you Daily Wire. Very cute recreation, but the live version of Conan will be leaving the Middle East for the White House sometime next week!

The Do Nothing Democrats have gone Crazy. Very bad for USA!

The Democrats have been on this path for 3 years. The first headline I saw...before the President was sworn in was that the Impeachment process was beginning...so this is just further evidence that this is what they had in mind from the very beginning. @senatemajldr

Thank you @GLFOP!

Adam Schiffs drive to impeach Trump based on opinions, deception and illusions  Not facts @GreggJarrett

We will be having a big rally for Governor @MattBevin on Monday night in Kentucky. Get your tickets today!

Early voting in Louisiana for a man who will be a Great Governor, @EddieRispone, on Saturday, November 2nd. He will get your Auto Insurance and Taxes way down. He will protect your Military, Vets, Second Amendment and Energy

Your current Governor, John Bel Edwards, has done a poor job with economic development (last in nation) and auto insurance (highest in nation) wants to raise your taxes BIG - vote for Eddie starting Saturday!

AMERICAN HERO!

Thank you @GM, @FiatChrysler_NA, @Toyota, and @GloblAutomkrs for standing with us for Better, Cheaper, Safer Cars for Americans. California has treated the Auto Industry very poorly for many years, harming Workers and Consumers. We are fixing this problem!

My friend Mike @GovDunleavy of the Great State of Alaska, is being treated very unfairly by the Democrats because he is doing an unbelievable job and fulfilling every one of his promises. Now they are trying to Recall him because his agenda is the Economy, Jobs, and protecting

our Military, 2nd Amendment, Energy, and so many other things that the Democrats dont care about. Please stop the Dems from hurting a very good and hard-working man!

the United States Military. Congress needs to do its work. We need to fund our Armed Forces.  @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell.  The Dems are a lost cause. In 2020, we need a big, beautiful WIN (all three)! #MAGA

Our Country cannot afford for the Democrats in Congress to take a one year vacation from any productive legislation just because they would rather obsess over Impeachment. ISIS &amp; other radical terrorists are not going to hit the pause button because Democrats wont fund

Precisely the same program that the Democrats are trying to  Impeach President Trump for supposedly slow walking, tomorrow, right here in the Senate, they (the Dems) say theyre going to filibuster for the exact same program. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell. Do Nothing Democrats!

Yesterdays Never Trumper witness could find NO Quid Pro Quo in the Transcript of the phone call. There were many people listening to the call. How come they (including the President of Ukraine) found NOTHING wrong with it. Witch Hunt!

A Federal Judge is allowing the Nick Sandman libel suit to move forward against the thoroughly disgusting Washington Post (which is no longer available at the White House!). He could now have a good chance of winning. Go Nick!

It does appear it has to do with Nancy Pelosi retaining her Speakership in the next Congress. She would like that so shes going to put it to a vote because thats what her political left really wants. @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends  A disgraceful use of Impeachment. Will backfire!

The Greatest Economy in American History!

Republicans are very unified and energized in our fight on the Impeachment Hoax with the Do Nothing Democrats, and now  are starting to go after the Substance even more than the very infair Process because just a casual reading of the Transcript leads EVERYBODY to see that

the call with the Ukrainian President was a totally appropriate one. As he said, No Pressure. This Impeachment nonsense is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt Hoax, which has been going on since before I even got elected. Rupublicans, go with Substance and close it out!

Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the opposite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish, led by a corrupt politician, Adam Schiff!

Over in Europe and Japan they have NEGATIVE RATES. They get paid to borrow money. Dont we have to follow our competitors? @Varneyco  Yes we do. The Fed doesnt have a clue! We have unlimited potential, only held back by the Federal Reserve. But we are winning anyway!

Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the oppidite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish, led by a corrupt politician, Adam Schiff!

Consumer Confidence number very good. Housing sales in September up nicely. Economy Rocks!

A great new book just out, The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunez Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History. Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!

Just confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadis number one replacement has been terminated by American troops. Most likely would have taken the top spot - Now he is also Dead!

95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!

Supposedly, according to the Corrupt Media, the Ukraine call concerned todays Never Trumper witness. Was he on the same call that I was? Cant be possible! Please ask him to read the Transcript of the call. Witch Hunt!

How many more Never Trumpers will be allowed to testify about a perfectly appropriate phone call when all anyone has to do is READ THE TRANSCRIPT! I knew people were listening in on the call (why would I say something inappropriate?), which was fine with me, but why so many?

The Do Nothing Democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the Best Economy Ever, the monumental weekend raid, Tax Cuts, the Rebuilding of our Military, etc. The Impeachment Hoax is a disgrace. Read the transcript!

Wheres the Whistleblower? Just read the Transcript, everything else is made up garbage by Shifty Schiff and the Never Trumpers!

A great book by a great guy. Get it now!

Correct, a total scam!

Why are people that I never even heard of testifying about the call. Just READ THE CALL TRANSCRIPT AND THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX IS OVER! Ukrain said NO PRESSURE

This is a big win for America, and also for President Trump. @nypost

The only crimes in the Impeachment Hoax were committed by Shifty Adam Schiff, when he totally made up my phone conversation with the Ukrainian President and read it to Congress, together with numerous others on Shiftys side. Schiff should be Impeached, and worse!

There is no underlying crime in that transcript. @IngrahamAngle  100% correct, and the Whistleblower disappeared after I released the transcript of the call. Where is the Whistleblower? That is why this is now called the Impeachment Hoax! The Do Nothing Dems are Doing Nothing!

Americans know by now that the Impeachment inquiry is just another hoax and silent coup to remove the President from office. J.J. Crovatto  Dont worry J.J., Schiff is a leaker &amp; corrupt politician who made up what I said on the call in order to hurt the Republican Party &amp; me!

Can you believe that Shifty Adam Schiff, the biggest leaker in D.C., and a corrupt politician, is upset that we didnt inform him before we raided and killed the #1 terrorist in the WORLD!? Wouldnt be surprised if the Do Nothing Democrats Impeach me over that! DRAIN THE SWAMP!!

So nice, thank you!

We have declassified a picture of the wonderful dog (name not declassified) that did such a GREAT JOB in capturing and killing the Leader of ISIS, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi!

An AMAZING CHAMPION. Great going Tiger! @TigerWoods

THANK YOU #IACP2019!

The S&amp;P just hit an ALL TIME HIGH. This is a big win for jobs, 401-Ks, and, frankly, EVERYONE! Our Country is doing great. Even killed long sought ISIS murderer, Al-Baghdadi. We are stronger than ever before, with GREAT upward potential. Enjoy!

Thank you to @MarthaRaddatz and @TerryMoran for a job well done!

As Diwali commences, @FLOTUS Melania and I wish those observing the Festival of Lights a blessed and happy celebration! #HappyDiwali

Something very big has just happened!

Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military

Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement, and always has. GET OUT and VOTE on November 5th for your GREAT Governor, @MattBevin!

MISSISSIPPI! There is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to get out and VOTE for our Great Republican nominee, @TateReeves. Tate is Strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment

He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote, is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get out and VOTE for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities, High Taxes, and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisianas economy and your Second Amendment rights

Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!

Wheres the Whistleblower?

The Fake Washington Post keeps doing phony stories, with zero sources, that I am concerned with the Impeachment scam. I am not because I did nothing wrong. It is the other side, including Schiff and his made up story, that are concerned. Witch Hunt continues!

My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4,000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TODAY from 10am-2pm at  #TakeBackDay

Badly failing presidential candidate @KamalaHarris will not go to a very wonderful largely African American event today because yesterday I recieved a major award, at the same event, for being able to produce &amp; sign into law major Criminal Justice Reform legislation, which will

greatly help the African American community (and all other communities), and which was unable to get done in past administrations despite a tremendous desire for it. This and best unemployment numbers EVER is more than Kamala will EVER be able to do for African Americans!

The Ukraine investigation is just as Corrupt and Fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it. Even Shifty Schiff got caught cheating when he made up what I said on the call!

I cant believe that Nancy Pelosis District in San Francisco is in such horrible shape that the City itself is in violation of many sanitary &amp; environmental orders, causing it to owe the Federal Government billions of dollars - and all she works on is Impeachment

We should all work together to clean up these hazardous waste and homeless sites before the whole city rots away. Very bad and dangerous conditions, also severely impacting the Pacific Ocean and water supply. Pelosi must work on this mess and turn her District around!

Not a single American citizen has been charged with anything related to Russian Collusion, not one person. @TuckerCarlson  It was all an illegal Witch Hunt!

Had a beautiful dinner last night at Camp David in celebration of the 10th Wedding Anniversary of Ivanka and Jared. Attended by a small number of family and friends, it could not have been nicer. Camp David is a special place. Cost of the event will be totally paid for by me!

They exonerated him completely of being an agent of Russia (Recently Crooked Hillary charged Tulsi Gabbard &amp; Jill Stein with the same thing-SICK), and yet Mr. Comey still runs to the White House on February 14 and conjures up the Obstruction of Justice narrative against

the President when Flynn had been cleared of everything long before that. The DOJ is withholding a lot of evidence &amp; information, as are Clapper &amp; Brennan &amp; all of the people who participated in the complete setup of Michael Flynn.(Terrible!) Sidney Powell. This is a disgrace!

Thank you @foxandfriends! Hopefully this is just the beginning of a massive story of injustice and treason. You will never learn this from the corrupt LameStream Media who get Pulitzer Prizes for reporting the story totally wrong. The ones who report it right get only RESPECT!

General Michael Flynns attorney is demanding that charges be immediately dropped after they found that FBI Agents manipulated records against him. They say that James Clapper told a reporter to take a kill shot at Flynn. This has been a complete setup of Michael Flynn

My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4,000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TOMORROW, October 26th from 10am-2pm at  #TakeBackDay

Great Book!

Wow!

My lawyers should sue the Democrats and Shifty Adam Schiff for fraud!

Democrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistleblower (they no longer want the second Whistleblower either), which they dont want because the account of my call bore NO RELATIONSHIP to the call itself

The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call, and the Whistleblowers account of that call, which turned out to be false (a fraud?). Once I released the actual call, their entire case fell apart. The Democrats must end this Scam now. Witch Hunt!

To Tim: The Button on the IPhone was FAR better than the Swipe!

in the basement of the United States Capitol! They cannot win at the ballot box. Their sham for the past 3 years continues. The good news is that the American People get it, which will be proven once again on November 3, 2020!

I appreciate the support of Senator @LindseyGraham, @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, and their Great Senate Republican colleagues, on the resolution condemning the Do Nothing Democrats for their Witch Hunt Impeachment inquiry, behind closed doors

It was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 Second Step Presidential Justice Forum hosted by the 20/20 Bipartisan Justice Center in South Carolina, and my true honor to receive the Bipartisan Justice Award, thank you!

Thank you @robertjeffress!

Heading to South Carolina!

Donald J. Trump is an absolutely historic President already, in less than 3 years in office. His record is there for everyone to look at &amp; to examine and compare. This is an illegitimate effort to overthrow a President, not a formal Impeachment inquiry. @LouDobbs  Thank you Lou

Turkey fully understands not to fire on the Kurds as they leave what will be known as the Safe Zone for other fairly nearby areas. I dont have to repeat that large scale Sanctions will be imposed for violations. Going well! ISIS secured by Kurds with Turkey ready as backup

USA has gained Trillions of Dollars in wealth since November 2016. All others way down. Our power is Economic before having to use our newly rebuilt Military, a much better alternative. Oil is secured. Our soldiers have left and are leaving Syria for other places, then

COMING HOME! We were supposed to be there for 30 days - That was 10 years ago. When these pundit fools who have called the Middle East wrong for 20 years ask what we are getting out of the deal, I simply say, THE OIL, AND WE ARE BRINGING OUR SOLDIERS BACK HOME, ISIS SECURED!

So Congressman Tim Ryan of Ohio has finally dropped out of the race for President, registering ZERO in the polls &amp; unable to even qualify for the debate stage. See Tim, its not so easy out there if you dont know what youre doing. He wasnt effective for USA workers, just talk!

Another big dropout of the Presidential race was, along with 0% Tim Ryan, 0% @RepSwalwell. Such talk and bravado from both, and nothing to show. They stood for nothing, and the voters couldnt stand by them. Obnoxious and greedy politicians never make it in the end!

Where is the Whistleblower, and why did he or she write such a fictitious and incorrect account of my phone call with the Ukrainian President? Why did the IG allow this to happen? Who is the so-called Informant (Schiff?) who was so inaccurate? A giant Scam!

I really enjoyed my conversation with General @MazloumAbdi. He appreciates what we have done, and I appreciate what the Kurds have done. Perhaps it is time for the Kurds to start heading to the Oil Region!

The Oil Fields discussed in my speech on Turkey/Kurds yesterday were held by ISIS until the United States took them over with the help of the Kurds. We will NEVER let a reconstituted ISIS have those fields!

Thank you to House Republicans for being tough, smart, and understanding in detail the greatest Witch Hunt in American History. It has been going on since long before I even got Elected (the Insurance Policy!). A total Scam!

The Federal Reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesnt lower the Rate and even, ideally, stimulate. Take a look around the World at our competitors. Germany and others are  actually GETTING PAID to borrow money. Fed was way too fast to raise, and way too slow to cut!

Dont hurt them please!

It is the only thing the Do Nothing Dems are doing!

Just a continuation of the Witch Hunt!

(Kiddingly) Were building a Wall in Colorado(then stated, were not building a Wall in Kansas but they get the benefit of the Wall were building on the Border) refered to people in the very packed auditorium, from Colorado &amp; Kansas, getting the benefit of the Border Wall!

PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! #SHALEINSIGHT2019

It was wonderful to be back in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania with the incredible Patriots who fuel our factories, light up our homes, power our industries and fill our hearts with true American Pride! #SHALEINSIGHT2019

It would be really great if the people within the Trump Administration, all well-meaning and good (I hope!), could stop hiring Never Trumpers, who are worse than the Do Nothing Democrats. Nothing good will ever come from them!

Does anybody think this is fair? Even though there was no quid pro quo, Im sure they would like to try. Worse than the Dems!

Never Trumper Republican John Bellinger, represents Never Trumper Diplomat Bill Taylor (who I dont know), in testimony before Congress! Do Nothing Democrats allow Republicans Zero Representation, Zero due process, and Zero Transparency

The Never Trumper Republicans, though on respirators with not many left, are in certain ways worse and more dangerous for our Country than the Do Nothing Democrats. Watch out for them, they are human scum!

Thank you General Mazloum for your kind words and courage. Please extend my warmest regards to the Kurdish people. I look forward to seeing you soon. @mustefabali

Wheres the Whistleblower?

Big success on the Turkey/Syria Border. Safe Zone created! Ceasefire has held and combat missions have ended. Kurds are safe and have worked very nicely with us. Captured ISIS prisoners secured. I will be making a statement at 11:00 A.M. from the White House. Thank you!

Young campus Conservatives are flocking to Turning Point USA &amp; other Conservative speaker events all over the Country, AND IN RECORD NUMBERS. Thousands of students are turning out. I just want to compliment the President of the United States for signing that historic Executive

Order a couple of months ago saying that any school that does not uphold the First Amendment Rights of its students will lose Federal Funding. We have seen a huge change in how the Universities interact with us as a national &amp; local student organization. Our studends

feel EMPOWERED. Theres a movement happening on these campuses like Ive never seen before. When you have 3000 students wanting to get into an event that couldnt get in, thats pretty remarkable!  @charliekirk11 Turning Point USA   KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

Republicans are going to fight harder than ever to win back the House because of what the Do Nothing Democrats have done to our Country!

Neither he (Taylor) or any other witness has provided testimony that the Ukrainians were aware that military aid was being withheld. You cant have a quid pro quo with no quo. Congressman John Ratcliffe @foxandfriends Where is the Whistleblower? The Do Nothing Dems case is DEAD!

It never ends. The Do Nothing Dems are terrible!

Thank you Steve!

The Democrats Scam goes on and on! They Do Nothing!

The Witch Hunt continues!

The Do Nothing Dems have nothing but time!

Wrong, never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway or Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News!

Wrong, never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway ot Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News!

Good news seems to be happening with respect to Turkey, Syria and the Middle East. Further reports to come later!

Great Job Tim!

The Democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they dont have the support. Donald Trump is guilty only of winning the 2016 Election. @MZHemingway @foxandfriends

Cant believe that Nervous Nancy Pelosi isnt moving faster on USMCA. Her people want it, they dont know why she isnt putting it up for a bipartisan vote. Taking too long!

95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!

Thank you Republicans. 185 out of 185 present voted for US last night. Really good!

So some day, if a Democrat becomes President and the Republicans win the House, even by a tiny margin, they can impeach the President, without due process or fairness or any legal rights. All Republicans must remember what they are witnessing here - a lynching. But we will WIN!

@kilmeade   I want to know about Hillary Clinton with the Dossier? I want to know if there was FISA abuse? Were still waiting for that report! @ainsleyearhardt  @foxandfriends

A majority do not want him Impeached and removed from office. 94% of the people in these battleground states who voted for President Trump want him to continue as President. Thats squarely in his corner. @SteveDoocy Thats a revealing poll, dont you think that matters?

I thought a very revealing poll was done by The New York Times. By about a 10 point margin, those in battleground states polled are against impeaching the President, and if Nancy Pelosi doesnt take note of that, maybe she is the third rate politician. @kilmeade @foxandfriends

The Ambassador to the European Union has already testified, he said there was no quid pro quo. He said the President had told him that. @kilmeade  @foxandfriends

Congratulations to @JustinTrudeau on a wonderful and hard fought victory. Canada is well served. I look forward to working with you toward the betterment of both of our countries!

Thank you Liz. Shows great Republican support!

Thank you Dan and Kevin. Great Vote!

Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

Doral in Miami would have been the best place to hold the G-7, and free, but too much heat from the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats &amp; their Partner, the Fake News Media! Im surprised that they allow me to give up my $400,000 Plus Presidential Salary! Well find someplace else!

Censure (at least) Corrupt Adam Schiff! After what he got caught doing, any pol who does not so vote cannot be honest....are you listening Dems?

Great new book by wonderful and very street smart author Dan Bongino, EXONERATED, THE FAILED TAKEDOWN OF PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP BY THE SWAMP. Dan hits all of the crooked points of the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Nevertheless, the Scam continues!

Thank you John, so nice!

A Great Democrat Scam!

Adam Schiff is a Corrupt Politician!

Congratulations Barbara!

To the Democrats, Impeachment is partisan politics dressed up as principle. @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews

So interesting that, when I announced Trump National Doral in Miami would be used for the hosting of the G-7, and then rescinded due to Do Nothing Democrat/Fake News Anger, very few in Media mentioned that NO PROFITS would be taken, or would be given FREE, if legally permissible!

This Scam going on right now by the Democrats against the Republican Party, and me, was all about a perfect phone call I had with the Ukrainian President. Hes already stated, NO PRESSURE! Where is the Whistleblower, or the 2nd Whistleblower, or the informant? All gone

because their so-called story didnt come even close to matching up with the exact transcript of the phone call. Was it a Corrupt Adam Schiff con? Why didnt the IG see this? When do we depose Shifty Schiff to find out why he fraudulently made up my phone call and read this

fiction to Congress and the American People?  I demand his deposition. He is a fraud, just like the Russia Hoax was, and the Ukraine Hoax is now. When do the Do Nothing Democrats pay a price for what they are doing to our Country, &amp; when do the Republicans finally fight back?

Pelosi is now leading a delegation of 9, including Corrupt Adam Schiff, to Jordan to check out Syria. She should find out why Obama drew The Red Line In the Sand, &amp; then did NOTHING, losing Syria &amp; all respect. I did something, 58 missiles. One million died under Obamas mistake!

The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with Kurds. U.S. soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zone. We have secured the Oil. Mark Esper, Secretary of Defense. Ending endless wars!

Mark Esperanto, Secretary of Defense, The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with the Kurds. USA soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zones. We have secured the Oil. Bringing soldiers home!

The WALL is making a very big difference. Even Dems in area are happy!

So now Crooked Hillary is at it again! She is calling Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard a Russian favorite, and Jill Stein a Russian asset. As you may have heard, I was called a big Russia lover also (actually, I do like Russian people. I like all people!). Hillarys gone Crazy!

Never give up. We are doing GREAT! We are WINNING!

Therefore, based on both Media &amp; Democrat Crazed and Irrational Hostility, we will no longer consider Trump National Doral, Miami, as the Host Site for the G-7 in 2020. We will begin the search for another site, including the possibility of Camp David, immediately. Thank you!

I thought I was doing something very good for our Country by using Trump National Doral, in Miami, for hosting the G-7 Leaders. It is big, grand, on hundreds of acres, next to MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, has tremendous ballrooms &amp; meeting rooms, and each delegation would have

its own 50 to 70 unit building. Would set up better than other alternatives. I announced that I would be willing to do it at NO PROFIT or, if legally permissible, at ZERO COST to the USA. But, as usual, the Hostile Media &amp; their Democrat Partners went CRAZY!

The President never told me to withhold any money until the Ukrainians did anything related to the server. The only reason we were holding the money was because of concern about LACK OF SUPPORT FROM OTHER NATIONS and CONCERNS OVER CORRUPTION. Yesterdays Mick Mulvaney statement

See you there!

Crooked Hillary Clinton just called the respected environmentalist and Green Party candidate, Jill Stein, a Russian Asset. They need a Green Party more than ever after looking at the Democrats disastrous environmental program!

It is ONLY about this!

Just another FAKE SUPPRESSION POLL, this time from @FoxNews, of course!

@RepMcClintock  Thank you Tom. Great interview on @TeamCavuto! @FoxNews

A Great Book by Kimberley Strassel!

I dont see anything that constitutes an Impeachable offense - Nothing here rises to the level of Impeachment. The Democrats are making a mistake with this secrecy. Kenn Starr, former Special Prosecutor

Thank you very much. Working hard!

I agree!

Texas is great!

There has never been a greater fraud on Congress. Shifty Schiff is Corrupt. Go Andy!

Such a disgrace that the Do Nothing Democrats are doing just as their name suggests, Doing Nothing! USMCA anyone?

#StopTheCoup

Susan Rice, who was a disaster to President Obama as National Security Advisor, is now telling us her opinion on what to do in Syria. Remember RED LINE IN THE SAND? That was Obama. Millions killed! No thanks Susan, you were a disaster

Pelosi and Impeachment - There have already been 3 Votes, and theyve all failed miserably. Heres why there may not be a fourth - 137 Democrats voted against on the last vote. @JasonChaffetz  @seanhannity  Many of those voting in favor will be beaten in 2020!

Congressman Michael McCaul, Schiffs inquiry defies Democracy. @FoxNews @seanhannity

Because the House has already voted against the Impeachment Proceeding, the current inquiry is totally invalid. The current sham of a so-called investigation is nothing more than an unconstitutional power grab. It needs to end.  @JasonChaffetz  @seanhannity  Corrupt Adam Schiff

Corrupt Congressman Adam Schiff is angry that Ambassadors that he thought would be good for his fraudulent Witch Hunt, are turning out to be good for me - some really good! Hes got all meetings locked down, no transparency, only his illegal leaks. A very dishonest sleazebag!

REPUBLICANS MUST STICK TOGETHER AND FIGHT!

Think of how many lives we saved in Syria and Turkey by getting a ceasefire yesterday. Thousands and thousands, and maybe many more!

He is also my friend! At the same time, I am pleased to nominate Deputy Secretary Dan Brouillette to be the new Secretary of Energy. Dans experience in the sector is unparalleled. A total professional, I have no doubt that Dan will do a great job!

I want to thank Secretary of Energy Rick Perry for the outstanding job he has done. He will be leaving at the end of the year to pursue other interests. Rick was a great Governor of Texas and a great Secretary of Energy

Can you believe I am doing this important work for our Country, and have to deal with Corrupt Adam Schiff and the Do Nothing Democrats at the same time? It was not intended to be this way for a President!

DEFEAT TERRORISM!

Just spoke to President @RTErdogan of Turkey. He told me there was minor sniper and mortar fire that was quickly eliminated. He very much wants the ceasefire, or pause, to work. Likewise, the Kurds want it, and the ultimate solution, to happen. Too bad there wasnt

this thinking years ago. Instead, it was always held together with very weak bandaids, &amp; in an artificial manner. There is good will on both sides &amp; a really good chance for success. The U.S. has secured the Oil, &amp; the ISIS Fighters are double secured by Kurds &amp; Turkey

I have just been notified that some European Nations are now willing, for the first time, to take the ISIS Fighters that came from their nations. This is good news, but should have been done after WE captured them. Anyway, big progress being made!!!!

The USA!

Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! #KAG2020

Tonight, we forcefully condemn the blatant corruption of the Democrat Party, the Fake News Media, and the rogue bureaucrats of the Deep State. The only message these radicals will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3, 2020! #KAG2020

The radical left tolerates no dissent, it permits no opposition, it accepts no compromise, and it has absolutely no respect for the will of the American People. They are coming after me, because I am fighting for YOU! #TrumpRallyDallas #KAG2020

Thank you Dallas, Texas - I love you! #TrumpRallyDallas #KAG2020

Just arrived at the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Texas. Will be out shortly as we wait for more of you to get in! #TRUMP2020

See you soon Dallas, Texas!

This is a great day for civilization. I am proud of the United States for sticking by me in following a necessary, but somewhat unconventional, path. People have been trying to make this Deal for many years. Millions of lives will be saved. Congratulations to ALL!

This deal could NEVER have been made 3 days ago. There needed to be some tough love in order to get it done. Great for everybody. Proud of all!

Great news out of Turkey. News Conference shortly with @VP and @SecPompeo. Thank you to @RTErdogan. Millions of lives will be saved!

This number, based on the Economy &amp; how well our Country is doing, would potentially be 75% if not for the Fake News &amp; Phony Witch Hunt. 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party!

As the Witch Hunt continues!

The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History!

My warmest condolences to the family and many friends of Congressman Elijah Cummings. I got to see first hand the strength, passion and wisdom of this highly respected political leader. His work and voice on so many fronts will be very hard, if not impossible, to replace!

This is the real story. Thank you Jim!

I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops &amp; bring them home from the ridiculous &amp; costly Endless Wars, and be scorned. Democrats always liked that position, until I took it. Democrats always liked Walls, until I built them. Do you see whats happening here?

About 500,000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president &amp; leading for a political settlement to that civil war. Media has been more outraged in the last 72 hours over our Syria policy than they were at any point during 7 years of slaughter. BuckSexton

Hope all House Republicans, and honest House Democrats, will vote to CENSURE Rep. Adam Schiff tomorrow for his brazen and unlawful act of fabricating (making up) a totally phony conversation with the Ukraine President and U.S. President, me. Most have never seen such a thing!

Years of BAD GOVERNMENT, such a sorry thing to see!

What has happened here with the Anthony Wiener laptop, the Server, all of the Emails between Huma Abedin and Hillary Clinton, the deleted Clinton Emails - what is going on? @LouDobbs  Joe D &amp; Victoria T!

THANK YOU you Dallas, Texas. See you tomorrow night at the American Airlines Center! #TRUMP2020

This President is the most patriotic President Ive seen in many years. He is going to do what is good for Americans.  Congressman Brian Babin, Texas. Thank you Brian!

Nancy Pelosi needs help fast! There is either something wrong with her upstairs, or she just plain doesnt like our great Country. She had a total meltdown in the White House today. It was very sad to watch. Pray for her, she is a very sick person!

The Do Nothing Democrats, Pelosi and Schumer stormed out of the Cabinet Room!

Nervous Nancys unhinged meltdown!

Do you think they like me?

Im fighting for the American people, but the Democrats sole focus is fighting against ME with their fraudulent Witch Hunt. Go to  and tell Democrats in Congress that Enough is Enough!

FAKE NEWS!

THANK YOU, WORKING HARD!

Guatemala, Honduras &amp; El Salvador have all signed historic Asylum Cooperation Agreements and are working to end the scourge of human smuggling. To further accelerate this progress, the U.S. will shortly be approving targeted assistance in the areas of law enforcement &amp; security

Senator Rand Paul just wrote a great book, The Case Against Socialism which is now out. Highly recommended  as America was founded on LIBERTY &amp; INDEPENDENCE  not government coercion, domination &amp; control. We were born free, and will stay free, as long as I am your President!

Republicans are totally deprived of their rights in this Impeachment Witch Hunt. No lawyers, no questions, no transparency! The good news is that the Radical Left Dems have No Case. It is all based on their Fraud and Fabrication!

Our record Economy would CRASH, just like in 1929, if any of those clowns became President!

95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Just won two Congressional Seats in North Carolina,  &amp; a Governors runoff in Louisiana, which Republicans should now win! Because of Impeachment Fraud, we will easily take back the House, add in the Senate, &amp; again win Pres!

What is happening to President Trump with Impeachment is a Constitutional Travesty. @GrahamLedger  The likes of which we have never seen before. It is Adam Schiff and Nancy Pelosi who should be impeached for fraud!

You would think there is NO WAY that any of the Democrat Candidates that we witnessed last night could possibly become President of the United States. Now you see why they have no choice but to push a totally illegal &amp; absurd Impeachment of one of the most successful Presidents!

We now have the greatest Economy in history!

A great group of Champions!

Looks good to me!

Shifty Adam Schiff wants to rest his entire case on a Whistleblower who he now says cant testify, &amp; the reason he cant testify is that he is afraid to do so because his account of the Presidential telephone call is a fraud &amp; totally different from the actual transcribed call

It also brings Shiftys fraudulent MADE UP CALL, which he read to the United States Congress pretending it to be the words of President Trump, which they were not! Nancy Pelosi is involved in this fraud in that she confirmed his fraudulent words on @GMA, and much more!

The @StLouisBlues amazing comeback reminds us to never give up  and never lose faith. When you work hard, support each other, believe in yourself, and give it everything youve got, victory is always within reach! #STLBlues

Congratulations @StLouisBlues!

Now that we have found out that @CNN is a virtual fraud, rumor has it that Jeff Zucker will be resigining momentarily?

Join me in Dallas, Texas this Thursday (October 17th) at the American Airlines Center! #KAG2020

Tickets:

Mississippi, there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee, @TateReeves. Tate is strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment

He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Get out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

Just out: MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME IS AT THE HIGHEST POINT EVER, EVER, EVER! How about saying it this way, IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! Also, MORE PEOPLE WORKING TODAY IN THE USA THAN AT ANY TIME IN HISTORY! Tough numbers for the Radical Left Democrats to beat! Impeach the Pres

Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement, and always has!

Hunter Biden was really bad on @GMA. Now Sleepy Joe has real problems! Reminds me of Crooked Hillary and her 33,000 deleted Emails, not recoverable!

Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings. If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriated by the Fake News. Let the facts come out from the charade of people, most of whom I do not know, they are interviewing for 9 hours each, not selective leaks

Project Veritas-Obtained Undercover Videos Highlight Jeff Zuckers (@CNN) Campaign To Destroy Trump. Videos Reveal @CNNs BIAS! @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews Does this sound like a good, or even great, lawsuit?

A big scandal at @ABC News. They got caught using really gruesome FAKE footage of the Turks bombing in Syria. A real disgrace. Tomorrow they will ask softball questions to Sleepy Joe Bidens son, Hunter, like why did Ukraine &amp; China pay you millions when you knew nothing? Payoff?

Shifty Schiff now seems to think they dont need the Whistleblower, who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcript. Also, the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!

Shifty Schiff now seems to think they dont need the Whistleblower, who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcrpt. Also, the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!

The House gone rogue! I want to remind you a little bit about the ring leader in this whole rogue operation against the President of the United States... @MarkLevinShow

It doesnt speak for the FULL HOUSE because the FULL HOUSE hasnt spoken. The Democrat Party is pushing this Impeachment. This is a Democrat Party Impeachment, as I have been saying, a silent COUP effort. @MarkLevinShow

The Democrat Party has hijacked the House of Representatives... @MarkLevinShow

Statement from President Donald J. Trump Regarding Turkeys Actions in Northeast Syria

Some people want the United States to protect the 7,000 mile away Border of Syria, presided over by Bashar al-Assad, our enemy. At the same time, Syria and whoever they chose to help, wants naturally to protect the Kurds

I would much rather focus on our Southern Border which abuts and is part of the United States of America. And by the way, numbers are way down and the WALL is being built!

and Assad to protect the land of our enemy? Anyone who wants to assist Syria in protecting the Kurds is good with me, whether it is Russia, China, or Napoleon Bonaparte. I hope they all do great, we are 7,000 miles away!

After defeating 100% of the ISIS Caliphate, I largely moved our troops out of Syria. Let Syria and Assad protect the Kurds and fight Turkey for their own land. I said to my Generals, why should we be fighting for Syria

To his credit the Europeans didnt step up to deal with this ISIS problem  its a lot of the reason why we are in this situation today. Now, Angela Merkel of Germany is finally stepping up and telling Turkey to back off

Dont the Europeans have a lot of responsibility? @KatiePavlich Thank you Katie, I offered ISIS prisoners to the European countries from where they came, and was rejected on numerous occasions. They probably figured that the U.S. would bear the tremendous cost as always!

Great new book, Resistance (At All Costs): How Trump Haters Are Breaking America out by Kimberley Strassel of the Wall Street Journal. Kim has treated us fairly, and for that I am very appreciative. Check it out today, it is great!

of the correction which they knew about full well! Fox News Pollster Braun Research Misrepresented Impeachment Poll: Analysis @NYPost

The Fox Impeachment poll has turned out to be incorrect. This was announced on Friday. Despite this, the Corrupt New York Times used this poll in one of its stories, no mention

America First!

Wow! Hunter Biden is being forced to leave a Chinese Company. Now watch the Fake News wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him. Only softball questions of him please!

Will be looking into the Scott Hapgood case, and the Island of Anguilla. Something looks and sounds very wrong. I know Anguilla will want to see this case be properly and justly resolved! @foxandfriends @SteveDucey  @ainsleyearhardt

Vote for good guy @seanspicer tonight on Dancing With The Stars. He has always been there for us!

Happy Columbus Day!

The same people who got us into the Middle East mess are the people who most want to stay there!

Brian Kilmeade over at @foxandfriends got it all wrong. We are not going into another war between people who have been fighting with each other for 200 years. Europe had a chance to get their ISIS prisoners, but didnt want the cost. Let the USA pay, they said

Kurds may be releasing some to get us involved. Easily recaptured by Turkey or European Nations from where many came, but they should move quickly. Big sanctions on Turkey coming! Do people really think we should go to war with NATO Member Turkey? Never ending wars will end!

Former Democrat Senator Harry Reid just stated that Donald Trump is very smart, much more popular than people think, is underestimated, and will be hard to beat in the 2020 Election. Thank you Harry, I agree!

Adam Schiff now doesnt seem to want the Whistleblower to testify. NO! Must testify to explain why he got my Ukraine conversation sooo wrong, not even close. Did Schiff tell him to do that? We must determine the Whistleblowers identity to determine WHY this was done to the USA

Democrats game was foiled when we caught Schiff fraudulently making up my Ukraine conversation, when I released the exact conversation Transcript, and when Ukrainian President and the Foreign Minister said there was NO PRESSURE, very normal talk! A total Impeachment Scam!

The Democrats are trashing this President, &amp; in the process, trashing the U.S. Constitution. Frankly, the American People need to wake up to the reality that the Democrats are so drunk on power that theyre willing to destroy this Constitutional Republic. @GrahamLedger @OANN

Serial killers get more Due Process than the Democrats give to the President of the United States. @marklevinshow

Somebody please explain to Chris Wallace of Fox, who will never be his father (and my friend), Mike Wallace, that the Phone Conversation I had with the President of Ukraine was a congenial &amp; good one. It was only Schiffs made up version of that conversation that was bad!

The U.S. has the worst of the ISIS prisoners. Turkey and the Kurds must not let them escape. Europe should have taken them back after numerous requests. They should do it now. They will never come to, or be allowed in, the United States!

@marklevinshow on @FoxNews is doing a big show tonight on the Democrats Impeachment Scam. 10:00 P.M. No guests, just Mark. He is angry (like so many others!). At 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews, Steve Hilton is looking into the Crooked Bidens. Wheres Hunter?

Congressman Adam Schiff, who when seeing the REAL Ukraine phone call Transcript decided hed better make up one of his own. Im going to say this only SEVEN times, so you better listen good. I want you to MAKE UP DIRT ON MY POLITICAL OPPONENT, UNDERSTAND, LOTS OF IT, AND

BY THE WAY, DONT CALL ME AGAIN, ILL CALL YOU WHEN YOUVE DONE WHAT IVE ASKED. A reminder, that wasnt just stupid, it was FALSE. @greggutfeld @GregGutfeldShow @FoxNews  I never said this. Schiff made it up and read it to Congress &amp; the American People. End Witch Hunt!

CHINA HAS ALREADY BEGUN AGRICULTURAL PURCHASES FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS &amp; RANCHERS!

My deal with China is that they will IMMEDIATELY start buying very large quantities of our Agricultural Product, not wait until the deal is signed over the next 3 or 4 weeks. THEY HAVE ALREADY STARTED! Likewise financial services and other deal aspects, start preparing

I agreed not to increase Tariffs from 25% to 30% on October 15th. They will remain at 25%. The relationship with China is very good. We will finish out the large Phase One part of the deal, then head directly into Phase Two. The Phase One Deal can be finalized &amp; signed soon!

The Democrats are going to lose a lot of House Seats because of their Fraudulent use of Impeachment. Schiff fabricated phone call, a crime. Democrat Senate Seats will also be put at risk, even some that were supposedly safe. Look at Louisiana last night, North Carolina last week!

Happy Birthday @USNavy!

We have become a far greater Economic Power than ever before, and we are using that power for WORLD PEACE!

Wheres Hunter? He has totally disappeared! Now looks like he has raided and scammed even more countries! Media is AWOL

Dealing with @LindseyGrahamSC and many members of Congress, including Democrats, about imposing powerful Sanctions on Turkey. Treasury is ready to go, additional legislation may be sought. There is great consensus on this. Turkey has asked that it not be done. Stay tuned!

Do you remember two years ago when Iraq was going to fight the Kurds in a different part of Syria. Many people wanted us to fight with the Kurds against Iraq, who we just fought for. I said no, and the Kurds left the fight, twice. Now the same thing is happening with Turkey

The Kurds and Turkey have been fighting for many years. Turkey considers the PKK the worst terrorists of all. Others may want to come in and fight for one side or the other. Let them! We are monitoring the situation closely. Endless Wars!

Very smart not to be involved in the intense fighting along the Turkish Border, for a change. Those that mistakenly got us into the Middle East Wars are still pushing to fight. They have no idea what a bad decision they have made. Why are they not asking for a Declaration of War?

The Media is not talking about the big Republican victory last night in Louisiana where a sitting Democrat Governor was forced into a runoff by not getting 50%. Big upset! Now @EddieRispone, who will be a great Governor, will win!

A despicable human being!

Congratulations to the Great State of Louisiana. A big night. You will soon have a new and wonderful Governor, @EddieRispone. Your Taxes and Car Insurance Payments will go DOWN!

The same people that got us into the Middle East Quicksand, 8 Trillion Dollars and many thousands of lives (and millions of lives when you count the other side), are now fighting to keep us there. Dont listen to people that havent got a clue. They have proven to be inept!

The Governor of Louisiana, John Bel Edwards, has done a poor job. NOW HE IS IN A RUNOFF WITH A GREAT REPUBLICAN, @EddieRispone. Thank you Louisiana! 66% down to 47% after I explained what a bad job the Governor was doing

The Endless Wars Must End!

Start thinking about getting bigger tractors!

That is the real story!

Happy National Farmers Day!

So now they are after the legendary crime buster and greatest Mayor in the history of NYC, Rudy Giuliani. He may seem a little rough around the edges sometimes, but he is also a great guy and wonderful lawyer. Such a one sided Witch Hunt going on in USA. Deep State. Shameful!

Louisiana, get out and vote REPUBLICAN before going to the big game today. A runoff will be a tremendous win for your Great State - lower taxes and car insurance, and better protection of your 2nd Amendment! Fantastic being with you last night!

The deal I just made with China is, by far, the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our Great Patriot Farmers in the history of our Country. In fact, there is a question as to whether or not this much product can be produced? Our farmers will figure it out. Thank you China!

Other aspects of the deal are also great - technology, financial services, 16-20 Billion in Boeing Planes etc., but WOW, the Farmers really hit pay dirt! @ChuckGrassley @joniernst @debfisher @BenSasse  Thank you to all Republicans in Congress for your invaluable help!

The case of Major Mathew Golsteyn is now under review at the White House. Mathew is a highly decorated Green Beret who is being tried for killing a Taliban bombmaker. We train our boys to be killing machines, then prosecute them when they kill! @PeteHegseth

Schiff aides worked with Whistleblower. @foxandfriends  @RepLeeZeldin  Schiff is a lying mess!

LOUISIANA  Tomorrow, you will head to the polls and VOTE to REPLACE Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor! Get out and vote for either @DocAbraham or @EddieRispone (BOTH GREAT)!

Louisiana REPUBLICANS, thank you for a great evening. Get out TOMORROW and VOTE REPUBLICAN! Send the Radical Democrat establishment a loud and clear message that you are going to FIRE your Democrat Governor, John Bel Edwards and send a Great Republican to the Governors Mansion!

I never saw so many subpoenas! @ShannonBream  @FoxNews  The Democrats have gone Crazy. Just read the Transcript, or listen to the New Ukraine Presidents statement, NO PRESSURE! This is a Democrat Con Job. Impeach Schiff for FRAUD!

So funny to watch Steve Kerr grovel and pander when asked a simple question about China. He chocked, and looks weak and pathetic. Dont want him at the White House!

WHERES HUNTER?

Is he leaving due to bad ratings, or some other less important reason?

Just landed in Louisiana! Vote against John Bel Edwards, he has the worst jobs record in the United States. Louisiana will do much better by electing a REPUBLICAN. See everyone soon! @LAGOP

Congratulations Kevin, on a job well done! I will be announcing the new Acting Secretary next week. Many wonderful candidates!

Kevin McAleenan has done an outstanding job as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security. We have worked well together with Border Crossings being way down. Kevin now, after many years in Government, wants to spend more time with his family and go to the private sector

A terrible and very dishonest person!

We love you @MinneapolisPD, THANK YOU! #LESM

Really good news!

So Great!

A Giant Scam!

Amazing Evening!

The Do Nothing Democrats. Thanks Vicky!

Do you believe this?  A total Scam!

A great evening in beautiful Minnesota!

What a disgraceful legal system for this guy to still be around after all of these years. A vicious killer who destroyed so many great people &amp; families!

Will be with our two GREAT Senators, @SenJohnKennedy &amp; @SenBillCassidy, tonight in Louisiana. These two hard working, really smart men, love their Country and love their State. We will hopefully add a Great New Republican Governor to the beautiful Louisiana mix! See you tonight!

One of the great things about the China Deal is the fact that, for various reasons, we do not have to go through the very long and politically complex Congressional Approval Process. When the deal is fully negotiated, I sign it myself on behalf of our Country. Fast and Clean!

I will be in Louisiana tonight (Love it!) to get Republicans to vote for either of our two great Republican Candidates and force a run off with John Bel Edwards, who has done a really poor job of tax cutting, car insurance cost (worst in USA), &amp; is suspect on your 2nd Amendment!

Good things are happening at China Trade Talk Meeting. Warmer feelings than in recent past, more like the Old Days. I will be meeting with the Vice Premier today. All would like to see something significant happen!

Over the next 13 months, we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul  and we are going to win the Great State of Minnesota in 2020! #TrumpMinneapolis #KAG2020

A GREAT evening in Minneapolis, Minnesota with incredible American Patriots. THANK YOU!

The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by @jairbolsonaro. This article is FAKE NEWS!

The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by  @jairbolsonaro. This article is FAKE NEWS!

WOW, THANK YOU Minneapolis, Minnesota  on my way! #KAG2020

We defeated 100% of the ISIS Caliphate and no longer have any troops in the area under attack by Turkey, in Syria. We did our job perfectly! Now Turkey is attacking the Kurds, who have been fighting each other for 200 years

We have one of three choices: Send in thousands of troops and win Militarily, hit Turkey very hard Financially and with Sanctions, or mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds!

Big day of negotiations with China. They want to make a deal, but do I? I meet with the Vice Premier tomorrow at The White House

Why isnt the IG investigating his so-called Whistleblower? All bad info!

The President of the Ukraine just stated again, in the strongest of language, that President Trump applied no pressure and did absolutely nothing wrong. He used the strongest language possible. That should end this Democrat Scam, but it wont, because the Dems &amp; Media are FIXED!

Thank you to @OANN One America News for your fair coverage and brilliant reporting. It is appreciated by many people trying so hard to find a new, consistent and powerful VOICE! See you tonight at the Big Rally in Minneapolis

the area and start a new war all over again. Turkey is a member of NATO. Others say STAY OUT, let the Kurds fight their own battles (even with our financial help). I say hit Turkey very hard financially &amp; with sanctions if they dont play by the rules! I am watching closely

Turkey has been planning to attack the Kurds for a long time. They have been fighting forever. We have no soldiers or Military anywhere near the attack area. I am trying to end the ENDLESS WARS. Talking to both sides. Some want us to send tens of thousands of soldiers to

Where is Hunter Biden? He has disappeared while the Fake News protects his Crooked daddy!

Court Justice &amp; I turned him down (hes been terrible ever since), Shep Smith, @donnabrazile (who gave Crooked Hillary the debate questions &amp; got fired from @CNN), &amp; others, @FoxNews doesnt deliver for US anymore. It is so different than it used to be. Oh well, Im President!

From the day I announced I was running for President, I have NEVER had a good @FoxNews Poll. Whoever their Pollster is, they suck. But @FoxNews is also much different than it used to be in the good old days. With people like Andrew Napolitano, who wanted to be a Supreme

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky told reporters Thursday his controversial July call with President Trump involved no bribe, blackmail or quid pro quo, as impeachment-minded Democrats claim. This should immediately end the talk of impeachment!

In case the Kurds or Turkey lose control, the United States has already taken the 2 ISIS militants tied to beheadings in Syria, known as the Beetles, out of that country and into a secure location controlled by the U.S. They are the worst of the worst!

Impeached for what, having created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country, building our strongest ever Military, Cutting Taxes too much?

A different take!

I dont think its a Whistleblower at all. I think this is an anonymous source for the Democratic Staff in the House of Representatives. This is an insult to real Whistleblowers. Actual Whistleblowers go on to have their whole lives upended. John Kiriakou  @TuckerCarlson

The hardest thing I have to do as President

Sleepy Joe Biden!

So pathetic to see Sleepy Joe Biden, who with his son, Hunter, and to the detriment of the American Taxpayer, has ripped off at least two countries for millions of dollars, calling for my impeachment - and I did nothing wrong. Joes Failing Campaign gave him no other choice!

Only 25 percent want the President Impeached, which is pretty low considering the volume of Fake News coverage, but pretty high considering the fact that I did NOTHING wrong. It is all just a continuation of the greatest Scam and Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!

So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone elses Campaign in order to win (that didnt work out so well), and if they were unable to fill 142 important Federal Judgeships (a record by far), handing them all to me to choose. Will have 182 soon!

DACA stand, with all of its negative legal implications, the Republicans and Democrats will have a DEAL to let them stay in our Country, in very short order. It would actually benefit DACA, and be done the right way!

President Obama said that he did not have the right to sign DACA, that it will never hold up in court. He signed it anyway! If the Supreme Court upholds DACA, it gives the President extraordinary powers, far greater than ever thought. If they do what is right and do not let

So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone elses Campaign in order to win (that didnt work out so well), and if they were unable to fill 142 important Federal Judgeships (a record by far), handing them all to me to chose. Will have 182 soon!

Crooked Hillary should try it again!

True. Should have never been there in the first place!

Why doesnt the ICIG do something about this Scam? He should have never let it start, a Dem Hoax!

Adam Schiff is a disgrace to our Country!

So true Don, and this was a big lie. Look what happened to Friends of Trump, for less. Cant let this pass!

But we are now, for the first time, giving companies a better alternative!

Great support from GOP in fighting the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats!

They dont have a clue, but I do. The USA is doing great despite the Fed!

The so-called Whistleblower, before knowing I was going to release the exact Transcript, stated that my call with the Ukrainian President was crazy, frightening, and completely lacking in substance related to national security. This is a very big Lie. Read the Transcript!

No Pressure at all said Ukraine! Very congenial, a perfect call. The Whistleblower and others spoke BEFORE seeing the Transcript. Now they must apologize to me and stop this ridiculous impeachment!

The Do Nothing Democrats are Con Artists, only looking to hurt the Republican Party and President. Their total focus is 2020, nothing more, and nothing less. The good news is that WE WILL WIN!!!!

IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! We went to war under a false &amp; now disproven premise, WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. There were NONE! Now we are slowly &amp; carefully bringing our great soldiers &amp; military home. Our focus is on the BIG PICTURE! THE USA IS GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!

The United States has spent EIGHT TRILLION DOLLARS fighting and policing in the Middle East. Thousands of our Great Soldiers have died or been badly wounded. Millions of people have died on the other side. GOING INTO THE MIDDLE EAST IS THE WORST DECISION EVER MADE

Fighting between various groups that has been going on for hundreds of years. USA should never have been in Middle East. Moved our 50 soldiers out. Turkey MUST take over captured ISIS fighters that Europe refused to have returned. The stupid endless wars, for us, are ending!

So make all Member Countries pay, not just the United States!

He should be Impeached for Fraud!

The Whistleblowers facts have been so incorrect about my no pressure conversation with the Ukrainian President, and now the conflict of interest and involvement with a Democrat Candidate, that he or she should be exposed and questioned properly. This is no Whistleblower

The Whistleblowers lawyer is a big Democrat. The Whistleblower has ties to one of my DEMOCRAT OPPONENTS. Why does the ICIG allow this scam to continue?

A Total Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats. For the good of the Country, this Wirch Hunt should end now!

So amazing!

Wow, Just Breaking: The (big deal) Whistleblower had a PROFESSIONAL TIE to 2020 Democratic Candidate. Washington Examiner, @ByronYork  In other words, was working with someone who was potentially running against me. Why wasnt this reported by the ICIG? A Witch Hunt Scam!

Bob Mueller was pursuing the FBI Director job when he met with President Trump in 2017, Administration officials say. @FoxNews  Bret Baier and Jake Gibson @seanhannity This is true even though Mueller denied it!

The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of the USA!

Gasoline Prices in the State of California are MUCH HIGHER than anywhere else in the Nation ($2.50 vs. $4.50). I guess those very expensive and unsafe cars that they are mandating just arent doing the trick! Dont worry California, relief is on the way. The State doesnt get it!

Big Rally in Louisiana on Friday night. Must force a runoff with a Liberal Democrat Governor, John Bel Edwards, who has let your Taxes and Car Insurance get too high, and will never protect your 2nd Amendment. Vote for one of our two great Republicans on Saturday, force a runoff!

If there is a Runoff in Louisiana, you will have a great new Republican Governor who will Cut your Taxes and Car Insurance, and do a fabulous job for you and your family. Vote Republican, the Party of Honest Abe Lincoln!

This is just the beginning, thank you to @ByronYork!

The U.S. Border is SECURE!

In fact, the Cops For Trump T-shirt Web Site CRASHED because of incredible volume, but is now back up and running. Proceeds go to the Police Union Charities. See you on Thursday night in Minneapolis!

Radical Left Dem Mayor of Minneapolis, Jacob Frey, is doing everything possible to stifle Free Speech despite a record sell-out crowd at the Target Center. Presidents Clinton and Obama paid almost nothing! The Minneapolis Police have been incredible

Friday night in Louisiana will be Great. Big crowd expected. Republicans must get out and vote for either of our two incredible candidates (@DocAbraham &amp; @EddieRispone) so we can stop Left Leaning Governor John Bel Edwards from getting over 50%. We will easily win the runoff!

Hasnt Adam Schiff been fully discredited by now? Do we have to continue listening to his lies?

Get your great T-Shirts, Cops for Trump, at   REALLY NICE! Thank you to Minneapolis Police Officers &amp; Union! @foxandfriends

Someone please tell the Radical Left Mayor of Minneapolis that he cant price out Free Speech. Probably illegal! I stand strongly &amp; proudly with the great Police Officers and Law Enforcement of Minneapolis and the Great State of Minnesota! See you Thursday Night!

Thank you to Lt. Bob Kroll of the great Minneapolis Police Department for your kind words on @foxandfriends. The Police are fighting the Radical Left Mayor, and his ridiculous Uniform Ban. Actually, I LOVE the Cops for Trump shirts. Want to bring some home. I am with you 100%!!!!

I think that Crooked Hillary Clinton should enter the race to try and steal it away from Uber Left Elizabeth Warren. Only one condition. The Crooked one must explain all of her high crimes and misdemeanors including how &amp; why she deleted 33,000 Emails AFTER getting C Subpoena!

to see. Importantly, Ambassador Sondlands tweet, which few report, stated, I believe you are incorrect about President Trumps intentions. The President has been crystal clear: no quid pro quos of any kind. That says it ALL!

I would love to send Ambassador Sondland, a really good man and great American, to testify, but unfortunately he would be testifying before a totally compromised kangaroo court, where Republicans rights have been taken away, and true facts are not allowed out for the public

understands that while we only had 50 soldiers remaining in that section of Syria, and they have been removed, any unforced or unnecessary fighting by Turkey will be devastating to their economy and to their very fragile currency. We are helping the Kurds financially/weapons!

We may be in the process of leaving Syria, but in no way have we Abandoned the Kurds, who are special people and wonderful fighters. Likewise our relationship with Turkey, a NATO and Trading partner, has been very good. Turkey already has a large Kurdish population and fully

good health, at my request, Pastor Brunson, who had many years of a long prison term remaining. Also remember, and importantly, that Turkey is an important member in good standing of NATO. He is coming to the U.S. as my guest on November 13th. #ENDENDLESSWARS

So many people conveniently forget that Turkey is a big trading partner of the United States, in fact they make the structural steel frame for our F-35 Fighter Jet. They have also been good to deal with, helping me to save many lives at Idlib Province, and returning, in very

The lightweight mayor is hurting the great police and other wonderful supporters. 72,000 ticket requests already. Dump Frey and Omar! Make America Great Again!

Thank you Joni!

Adam should be Impeached!

Great book!

There are no felonies, there are no Impeachable offenses. The Constitutions very clear that you need bribery, treason, or other high crimes and misdemeanors. You cant be impeached for the conduct thats been alleged in this case. @AlanDersh Dershowitz. @seanhannity  A Scam!

Thank you @HeyTammyBruce!

The Truth About Impeachment
@SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC

As I have stated strongly before, and just to reiterate, if Turkey does anything that I, in my great and unmatched wisdom, consider to be off limits, I will totally destroy and obliterate the Economy of Turkey (Ive done before!). They must, with Europe and others, watch over

the captured ISIS fighters and families. The U.S. has done far more than anyone could have ever expected, including the capture of 100% of the ISIS Caliphate. It is time now for others in the region, some of great wealth, to protect their own territory. THE USA IS GREAT!

down, watching over a quagmire, &amp; spending big dollars to do so. When I took over, our Military was totally depleted. Now it is stronger than ever before. The endless and ridiculous wars are ENDING! We will be focused on the big picture, knowing we can always go back &amp; BLAST!

I was elected on getting out of these ridiculous endless wars, where our great Military functions as a policing operation to the benefit of people who dont even like the USA. The two most unhappy countries at this move are Russia &amp; China, because they love seeing us bogged

The Radical Left Democrats have failed on all fronts, so now they are pushing local New York City and State Democrat prosecutors to go get President Trump. A thing like this has never happened to any President before. Not even close!

doesnt even include the almost $2000 that the families got from the Trump Tax Cut. Stephen Moore, Freedomworks  That means $5000 to $6000 more in disposable yearly income that Americans have right now because of President Trump!

Heritage Foundation These numbers are blockbusters. Just since Donald Trump took office, Median Family Incomrs are up over $4,100. In 8 years under President Obama, they only went up $1000. In one third the time, President Trump has increased incomes 4 times as much, and that

Incomes much higher under Trump than Bush, Obama. @foxandfriends And almost everything else is better also (except I am driving the Deep State, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, CRAZY)!

IG: DECLASSIFIED INFORMATION CONTRADICTS THE WHISTLEBLOWER. @foxandfriends  But why are people surprised? The partisan Whistleblower was very wrong on what was said on my perfect, no pressure, call with the Ukrainian President. Bring in another Whistleblower from the bench!

We just WON the big court case on Net Neutrality Rules! A great win for the future and speed of the internet. Will lead to many big things including 5G. Congratulations to the FCC and its Chairman, Ajit Pai!

figure the situation out, and what they want to do with the captured ISIS fighters in their neighborhood. They all hate ISIS, have been enemies for years. We are 7000 miles away and will crush ISIS again if they come anywhere near us!

almost 3 years, but it is time for us to get out of these ridiculous Endless Wars, many of them tribal, and bring our soldiers home. WE WILL FIGHT WHERE IT IS TO OUR BENEFIT, AND ONLY FIGHT TO WIN. Turkey, Europe, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Russia and the Kurds will now have to

including capturing thousands of ISIS fighters, mostly from Europe. But Europe did not want them back, they said you keep them USA! I said NO, we did you a great favor and now you want us to hold them in U.S. prisons at tremendous cost. They are yours for trials. They

again said NO, thinking, as usual, that the U.S. is always the sucker, on NATO, on Trade, on everything. The Kurds fought with us, but were paid massive amounts of money and equipment to do so. They have been fighting Turkey for decades. I held off this fight for

The United States was supposed to be in Syria for 30 days, that was many years ago. We stayed and got deeper and deeper into battle with no aim in sight. When I arrived in Washington, ISIS was running rampant in the area. We quickly defeated 100% of the ISIS Caliphate,

This makes Nervous Nancy every bit as guilty as Liddle Adam Schiff for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, and even Treason. I guess that means that they, along with all of those that evilly Colluded with them, must all be immediately Impeached!

Nancy Pelosi knew of all of the many Shifty Adam Schiff lies and massive frauds perpetrated upon Congress and the American people, in the form of a fraudulent speech knowingly delivered as a ruthless con, and the illegal meetings with a highly partisan Whistleblower &amp; lawyer

@60Minutes forgot to report that we are helping the great farmers of the USA to the tune of 28 Billion Dollars, for the last two years, paid for out of Tariffs paid to the United States by China for targeting the farmer. They devalued their currency, therefore paying the cost!

Unemployment Rate just dropped to 3.5%, the lowest in more that 50 years. Is that an impeachable event for your President?

Gerry Baker of @WSJatLarge  Do you think what youve seen rises to the level of impeachment? Ken Starr, Clinton Special Prosecutor. I dont!

Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Press had a total meltdown in his interview with highly reaspected Senator @RonJohnsonWI. Seems that a not very bright Chuck just wasnt getting the answers he was looking for in order to make me look as bad as possible. I did NOTHING wrong!

Join me at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota this Thursday, October 10th at 7:00pm! Tickets:

Good job, I must say, by Bob Woodward on Deface the Nation. The CBS no name host(ess), and other guest, Peter Baker of The Failing New York Times, were totally biased, boring and wrong (as usual), but Woodward was cool, calm and interesting. Thank you Bob!

Democrat lawyer is same for both Whistleblowers? All support Obama and Crooked Hillary. Witch Hunt!

DRAIN THE SWAMP!

Will be in Minnesota on Thursday night. Massive response, crowd and enthusiasm (actually, all over the Country) will be beyond belief! Same thing in Louisiana on Friday. Big and Bold USA!

Going to Louisiana on Friday night for a big Republican Rally. Keep Democrat Governor Edwards under 50%, force a runoff, and have a great new Republican Governor! Voting on Saturday. Information for Rally to follow

#DONOTHINGDEMOCRATS

The Biden family was PAID OFF, pure and simple! The fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable. Sleepy Joe said he never spoke to the Ukrainian company, and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and Hunter

And by the way, I would LOVE running against 1% Joe Biden - I just dont think its going to happen. Sleepy Joe wont get to the starting gate, &amp; based on all of the money he &amp; his family probably extorted, Joe should hang it up. I wouldnt want him dealing with China &amp; U!

and separately got 1.5 Billion Dollars from China despite no experience and for no apparent reason. There is NO WAY these can be legitimate transactions? As lawyers &amp; others have stated, as President, I have an OBLIGATION to look into possible, or probable, CORRUPTION!

It is INCREDIBLE to watch and read the Fake News and how they pull out all stops to protect Sleepy Joe Biden and his thrown out of the Military son, Hunter, who was handed $100,000 a month (Plus,Plus) from a Ukrainian based company, even though he had no experience in energy,

The Democrats are lucky that they dont have any Mitt Romney types. They may be lousy politicians, with really bad policies (Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities etc.), but they stick together!

95% Approval Rating in Republican Party. Thank you!

The Do Nothing Democrats are being exposed!

The great Scam is being revealed!

The first so-called second hand information Whistleblower got my phone conversation almost completely wrong, so now word is they are going to the bench and another Whistleblower is coming in from the Deep State, also with second hand info. Meet with Shifty. Keep them coming!

President Trump would be negligent if he did not bring this matter, Biden, up. If the V.P. of the U.S. is self enriching &amp; engaged in criminal behavior, at a minimum corrupt behavior, it ought to be looked at. Peter Schweizer, author, Secret Empires. @marklevinshow

Schiff and the Do Nothing Dems have lost all credibility...but the corrupt Media is working hard to keep them in the game!

Mitt, get off the stage, youve had your turn (twice)!

So Crooked Hillary Clinton can delete and acid wash 33,000 emails AFTER getting a Subpoena from the United States Congress, but I cant make one totally appropriate telephone call to the President of Ukraine? Witch Hunt!

No Kevin, Jeff Flake is better!

Im hearing that the Great People of Utah are considering their vote for their Pompous Senator, Mitt Romney, to be a big mistake. I agree! He is a fool who is playing right into the hands of the Do Nothing Democrats! #IMPEACHMITTROMNEY

Not only are the Do Nothing Democrats interfering in the 2020 Election, but they are continuing to interfere in the 2016 Election. They must be stopped!

Schiff is a FRAUD! @dbongino

THIS IS THE REAL STORY! @GreggJarrett

Mitt Romney never knew how to win. He is a pompous ass who has been fighting me from the beginning, except when he begged me for my endorsement for his Senate run (I gave it to him), and when he begged me to be Secretary of State (I didnt give it to him). He is so bad for Rs!

Somebody please wake up Mitt Romney and tell him that my conversation with the Ukrainian President was a congenial and very appropriate one, and my statement on China pertained to corruption, not politics. If Mitt worked this hard on Obama, he could have won. Sadly, he choked!

The so-called Whistleblowers account of my perfect phone call is way off, not even close. Schiff and Pelosi never thought I would release the transcript of the call. Got them by surprise, they got caught. This is a fraud against the American people!

The Media is Fixed and Corrupt. It bears no relationship to the truth. The @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost are pure fiction. Totally dishonest reporting!

NEW EXTREME DEMS NOW RUNNING THE PARTY!

Thank you @KimStrassel and @AndrewCMcCarthy!

SHIFTY SCHIFF DUPED BY RUSSIAN PRANKSTERS!

Too bad!

Thank you @robertjeffress!

Report: Whistleblower Never Disclosed Contact with House Intel Panel to Inspector General

GREAT BOOK!

Pelosi Blatantly Lies During @GMA Interview About Schiffs Reading of Ukraine Transcript

Where is the LameStream Media on this?

Thanks Jim. Would be great to just run our Country!

Ex-Envoy testified Ukraine (or the President of Ukraine) never raised Quid Pro Quo concerns with him: source. @seanhannity @FoxNews  The President of Ukraine also stated that he was NOT PRESSURED by me in any way. END OF CASE!

It isnt often I get angry at the dirty politics of the Democrats in Congress, but this time I am enraged and hope this impeachment charade will backfire on Reps. Pelosi &amp; Schiff, &amp; the Democrats. I have read thoroughly the telephone conversation between Trump &amp; the President

of Ukraine, and cannot find any reason to charge the President with high crimes &amp; misdemeanors. This is just a phony Witch Hunt, perpetuated by Democrats to get rid of Trump because they cannot beat him in a fair election.  Richard Ketay

Along with Pelosi and her boss AOC, the Do Nothing Democrat leader

Join me at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota next Thursday, October 10th at 7:00pm! Tickets:

My daughter Ivanka will be on @trish_regan tonight on @FoxBusiness at 8:00 P.M., following the great @LouDobbs at 7:00. Enjoy!

Adam Schiffs connection to the Whistleblower is coming to light. @FoxNews  These facts, and others, make it impossible for the ridiculous impeachment scam to go forward! Schiff has also committed a crime, perhaps treason, in making up a horrible statement and reading

it to Congress, and the American people, as though it was the statement of the President of the United States, me. He did it to fool Congress and the public in order to make me look BAD. He is a sick puppy!

LYIN SHIFTY SCHIFF!

When your making an unsubstantiated charge that the President of the United States is making a request having to do with quid pro quo, this witness has blown a big hole into that statement.The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.  Rep. Lee Zeldin @FoxNews

I have just officially nominated Poland for entry into the Visa Waiver Program. With this decades long-awaited announcement, we are in the final steps of the process which, when complete, would grant Polish nationals visa-free business and tourism travel to the U.S. &amp; vice versa

At the request of @SenThomTillis, I have declared a major disaster for the Great State of North Carolina to help with damages from Hurricane Dorian. Assistance now unlocked to recover stronger than ever! Thom loves N.C,. and so do I!

Under my Administration, Medicare Advantage premiums next year will be their lowest in the last 13 years. We are providing GREAT healthcare to our Seniors. We cannot let the radical socialists take that away through Medicare for All!

WOW, this is big stuff!

I think its outrages that a Whistleblower is a CIA Agent.  Ed Rollins @FoxNews

The witness was asked at least 20 times, and there definitely was no Quid Pro Quo.  @RepMarkMeadows @FoxNews  Their whole case was built around this, now they no longer mention!

When your making an unsubstantiated statement that the President is making a claim having to do with quid pro quo, this witness has blown a big hole into that statement. The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.  Rep. Lee Zeldin

The Whistleblower, who had the facts wrong about the phone call, reached out, and more, to the Democrat controlled House Intelligence Committee. Schiff never told us about this!

Breaking News: Unemployment Rate, at 3.5%, drops to a 50 YEAR LOW. Wow America, lets impeach your President (even though he did nothing wrong!)

As President I have an obligation to end CORRUPTION, even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or countries. It is done all the time. This has NOTHING to do with politics or a political campaign against the Bidens. This does have to do with their corruption!

The Washington Times, Ukraine envoy blows massive hole into Democrat accusations. Republicans at hearing find no Trump Pressure. The Ukrainian President also strongly stated that NO pressure was put on him. Case Closed!

Nancy Pelosi today, on @GMA, actually said that Adam Schiffty Schiff didnt fabricate my words in a major speech before Congress. She either had no idea what she was saying, in other words lost it, or she lied. Even Clinton lover @GStephanopoulos strongly called her out. Sue her?

They (Do Nothing Dems) are trying to nullify an election... Joe diGenova

This isnt about a Campaign, this is about Corruption on a massive scale!

We are simultaneously fighting the Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party. Always tough to beat the Press, but people are beginning to see how totally CORRUPT they are, and it makes our job a whole lot easier!

Great job Jim!

AOC is a Wack Job!

The Do Nothing Democrats dont have time to get it done!

Another big loss for the Do Nothing Dems!

As the President of the United States, I have an absolute right, perhaps even a duty, to investigate, or have investigated, CORRUPTION, and that would include asking, or suggesting, other Countries to help us out!

blowing MASSIVE holes inside of the theory, the narrative, that Chairman Schiff has been providing to the public. @RepLeeZeldin

The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!

Today at The Villages in Florida, it was my great honor to sign an Executive Order on protecting and improving Medicare for our Nations Seniors. Todays action is only the latest of many important steps we are taking to dramatically improve healthcare for the American People!

It was just a congenial phone call, but its become so big. Ive never seen the Media work so hard with so little. @greggutfeld @FoxNews  Witch Hunt!

Thank you @JennaEllisRives, really well done!

DRAIN THE SWAMP!

This is yet again an example of Democrats projecting THEIR criminal acts on President Trump. President Trump is an innocent man. It is a lawless coup attempt against a duly elected President. @replouiegohmert @BreitbartNews

Trump Fundraising Haul Shows Impeachment Backfiring on Dems

There wasnt ANYTHING said wrong in my conversation with the Ukrainian President. This is a Democrat Scam!

Great time at The Villages in Florida today. Sorry we couldnt get everybody in. I will be back soon!

ELECTION INTERFERENCE!

95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, and record setting fundraising that has taken place over the past two weeks. Thank you!

Leader McCarthy, we look forward to you soon becoming Speaker of the House. The Do Nothing Dems dont have a chance!

Fake News, just like the snakes and gators in the moat. The Media is deranged, they have lost their minds!

Schiff is a lowlife who should resign (at least!)

Schiff is a lying disaster for our Country. He should resign!

The Republican Party has never had such support!

Book is doing really well. A study in unfairness to a potentially great Justice!

Thank you Hugh!

A great book by a brilliant author. Buy it now!

Great job Richard!

Keep up the great work Kellie!

The Ukraine controversy continues this morning as new documents obtained by @FoxNews show that a former Ukrainian prosecutor said that he was forced to back off looking into a firm tied to Hunter Biden. @MariaBartiromo  Does anyone other than Fake News protectors have a doubt?

The U.S. won a $7.5 Billion award from the World Trade Organization against the European Union, who has for many years treated the USA very badly on Trade due to Tariffs, Trade Barriers, and more. This case going on for years, a nice victory!

DEMOCRATS WANT TO STEAL THE ELECTION! #KAG2020

Mississippi, there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee, @TateReeves. Tate is strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment

He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote, is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get Out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!

LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH!

Schiff, House Intel Chairman, Got Early Account of Whistle-Blowers Accusations 

SCHIFF IS A FRAUD!

The Do Nothing Democrats should be focused on building up our Country, not wasting everyones time and energy on BULLSHIT, which is what they have been doing ever since I got overwhelmingly elected in 2016, 223-306. Get a better candidate this time, youll need it!

Adam Schiff should only be so lucky to have the brains, honor and strength of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. For a lowlife like Schiff, who completely fabricated my words and read them to Congress as though they were said by me, to demean a First in Class at West Point, is SAD!

Democrats are trying to undo the Election regardless of FACTS!

Nancy Pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices &amp; working on the desperately needed USMCA. She is incapable of working on either. It is just camouflage for trying to win an election through impeachment. The Do Nothing Democrats are stuck in mud!

All of this impeachment nonsense, which is going nowhere, is driving the Stock Market, and your 401Ks, down. But that is exactly what the Democrats want to do. They are willing to hurt the Country, with only the 2020 Election in mind!

Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moat stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top, at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security, but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!

Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats havent met the standards of impeachment. They have to be very careful here. Jeanne Zaino. @FoxNews

Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moot stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top, at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security, but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!

#DONOTHINGDEMS

All the Do Nothing Democrats are focused on is Impeaching the President for having a very good conversation with the Ukrainian President. I knew that many people were listening, even have a transcript. They have been at this stuff from the day I got elected. Bad for Country!

Congressman Adam Schiff should resign for the Crime of, after reading a transcript of my conversation with the President of Ukraine (it was perfect), fraudulently fabricating a statement of the President of the United States and reading it to Congress, as though mine! He is sick!

Massive sections of The Wall are being built at our Southern Border. It is going up rapidly, and built to the highest standards and specifications of the Border Patrol experts. It is actually an amazing structure! Our U.S. Military is doing a GREAT job

I won the right to be a presidential candidate in California, in a major Court decision handed down yesterday. It was filed against me by the Radical Left Governor of that State to tremendous Media hoopla. The VICTORY, however, was barely covered by the Fake News. No surprise!

Louisiana Republicans must go out and vote REPUBLICAN in your Governors race. A Republican will win if you can force a runoff! Early voting has started. Your 2nd Amendment, and much else, is at stake

The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!

As I learn more and more each day, I am coming to the conclusion that what is taking place is not an impeachment, it is a COUP, intended to take away the Power of the

People, their VOTE, their Freedoms, their Second Amendment, Religion, Military, Border Wall, and their God-given rights as a Citizen of The United States of America!

REPUBLICANS of Louisiana, it is really important for you to go out and vote on October 12th for either Eddie Rispone or Ralph Abraham (both Great), which will lead to a runoff against

a Nancy Pelosi/Chuck Schumer Democrat (John Bel Edwards), who does nothing but stymie all of the things we are doing to Make America Great Again. Dont be fooled, John Bel Edwards will NEVER be for us. Early voting has already started! @LAGOP

Why isnt Congressman Adam Schiff being brought up on charges for fraudulently making up a statement and reading it to Congress as if this statement, which was very dishonest and bad for me, was directly made by the President of the United States? This should never be allowed!

As I predicted, Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve have allowed the Dollar to get so strong, especially relative to ALL other currencies, that our manufacturers are being negatively affected. Fed Rate too high. They are their own worst enemies, they dont have a clue. Pathetic!

the Whistleblower, and also the person who gave all of the false information to him. This is simply about a phone conversation that could not have been nicer, warmer, or better. No pressure at all (as confirmed by  Ukrainian Pres.). It is just another Democrat Hoax!

So if the so-called Whistleblower has all second hand information, and almost everything he has said about my perfect call with the Ukrainian President is wrong (much to the embarrassment of Pelosi &amp; Schiff), why arent we entitled to interview &amp; learn everything about

The congratulatory phone call with the Ukrainian President was PERFECT, unless you heard Liddle Adam Schiffs fraudulently made up version of the call. This is just another Fake News Media, together with their partner, the Democrat Party, HOAX!

Congratulations to President Xi and the Chinese people on the 70th Anniversary of the Peoples Republic of China!

Great job, just in time!

You cannot judge my Stock Market performance since the Inauguration, which was very good, but only from the day after the big Election Win, which was spectacular due to the euphoria of getting Obama/Biden OUT, &amp; getting Trump/Pence IN. WentI up BIG between Nov. 9 &amp; Inauguration!

The Corrupt Media refuses to cover this!

Today, I was proud to sign the Autism CARES Bill! We support research for Americans with Autism and their families. You are not forgotten, we are fighting for you!

THANK YOU!

He misled (Rep. Adam Schiff) MILLIONS of people for the sake of making the case for impeachment. Completely fabricated account out of thin air! @MillerStream @BlazeTV

My great friend, @RepMarkMeadows, has been an EXCELLENT Chairman of the House @FreedomCaucus, which has been a tremendous success. I am looking forward to close collaboration with his successor (starting Tuesday) and Strong Leader, @RepAndyBiggsAZ!

BIG NEWS by @Hyundai, @Kia, and @Aptiv on a 4 BILLION DOLLAR joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologies in the USA. Thats a lot of $$ and JOBS! Great jobs coming back to America!!

Great news! @Apple announced that it is building its new Mac Pro in Texas. This means hundreds of American jobs in Austin and for suppliers across the Country. Congratulations to the Apple team and their workers!

Navistar will be building a new 250 MILLION DOLLAR truck factory in San Antonio with 600 new jobs. Congratulations San Antonio and Texas! America makes the GREATEST trucks in the world!

It was my Great Honor to attend this mornings Welcome Ceremony for the 20th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Mark Milley!

The Fake News Media wants to stay as far away as possible from the Ukraine and China deals made by the Bidens. A Corrupt Media is so bad for our Country! In actuality, the Media may be even more Corrupt than the Bidens, which is hard to do!

Very simple! I was looking for Corruption and also why Germany, France and others in the European Union dont do more for Ukraine. Why is it always the USA that does so much and puts up so much money for Ukraine and other countries? By the way, the Bidens were corrupt!

they made this whole thing up. Impeachment is also a pre-emptive strike for what they think is coming on the Obama Administrations handling of the 2016 Election. Jim McLaughlin, highly respected pollster. @WashTimes @FoxNews

President Trumps Job Approval Numbers have just reached the highest level since his Inauguration, around 50%, and you can add to that many votes from voters that dont talk about their vote. Once they saw the Presidents numbers going up, they said We gotta do something, so

#FakeWhistleblower

WHO CHANGED THE LONG STANDING WHISTLEBLOWER RULES JUST BEFORE SUBMITTAL OF THE FAKE WHISTLEBLOWER REPORT? DRAIN THE SWAMP!

Again, the President of Ukraine said there was NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. Case closed!

Again, the President of the Ukraine said THERE WAS NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. End of case!

place in TRADE, its taking shape in Military Competition. Johnathan Ward, author and China expert. We are winning, and we will win. They should not have broken the deal we had with them. Happy Birthday China!

After many years, the United States is finally waking up to Beijings plans and ambitions to pass us as the dominant economic &amp; military superpower in the 21st Century. Whats happening now is that the U.S. is finally responding (thank you President Trump). This is taking

Rep. Adam Schiff illegally made up a FAKE &amp; terrible statement, pretended it to be mine as the most important part of my call to the Ukrainian President, and read it aloud to Congress and the American people. It bore NO relationship to what I said on the call. Arrest for Treason?

The Fake Whistleblower complaint is not holding up. It is mostly about the call to the Ukrainian President which, in the name of transparency, I immediately released to Congress &amp;  the public. The Whistleblower knew almost nothing, its 2ND HAND description of the call is a fraud!

China Trade Turmoil: China Urging a CALM AND RATIONAL Solution. @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness China is doing very poorly while the USA, under your favorite Presidents leadership, continues to soar to new heights - and, despite the Do Nothing Democrats, we have just begun!

The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!

This is about proving that Donald Trump was framed by the Democrats. @RudyGiuliani

If the Democrats are successful in removing the President from office (which they will never be), it will cause a Civil War like fracture in this Nation from which our Country will never heal. Pastor Robert Jeffress, @FoxNews

rid of Donald J. Trump - And the Democrats dont care if they burn down and destroy this nation in the process. I have never seen the Evangelical Christians more angry over any issue than this attempt to illegitimately remove this President from office, overturn the 2016

Election, and negate the votes of millions of Evangelicals in the process. They know the only Impeachable offense that President Trump has committed was beating Hillary Clinton in 2016. Thats the unpardonable sin for which the Democrats will never forgive him

Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats cant put down the Impeachment match. They know they couldnt beat him in 2016 against Hillary Clinton, and theyre increasingly aware of the fact that they wont win against him in 2020, and Impeachment is the only tool they have to get

State Department has stepped up Hillary Clinton Email probe. @foxandfriends  You mean the 33,000 Emails that she has deleted and acid washed so they can never be found, even though she said that all 33,000 pertained only to her daughters wedding, and her Yoga!

All thats swirling around us now is Impeachment. We talk about it day and night, its whats on the news, there is NOTHING that has turned up that is Impeachable. Our founding fathers set impeachment to be extremely rare. We need to get good stuff done. Let the people vote,

we are going to have an Election very shortly. Rep. Jeff Van Drew, Democrat of New Jersey. @foxandfriends  Thank you. Just another Witch Hunt by Nancy Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats!

These Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, are doing great harm to our Country. They are lying &amp; cheating like never before in our Countrys history in order to destabilize the United States of America &amp; its upcoming 2020 Election. They &amp; the Fake News Media are Dangerous &amp; Bad!

In addition, I want to meet not only my accuser, who presented SECOND &amp; THIRD HAND INFORMATION, but also the person who illegally gave this information, which was largely incorrect, to the Whistleblower. Was this person SPYING on the U.S. President? Big Consequences!

His lies were made in perhaps the most blatant and sinister manner ever seen in the great Chamber. He wrote down and read terrible things, then said it was from the mouth of the President of the United States. I want Schiff questioned at the highest level for Fraud &amp; Treason

Like every American, I deserve to meet my accuser, especially when this accuser, the so-called Whistleblower, represented a perfect conversation with a foreign leader in a totally inaccurate and fraudulent way. Then Schiff made up what I actually said by lying to Congress

Wishing a Happy New Year to all of those celebrating Rosh Hashanah in America, Israel, and around the World!

Investigating Corruption is correct!

So great Mark!

Will happen to all of those seeking unlawful impeachment in 50 Trump type Districts. We will win big!

These are Trumped-Up Charges. @PeteHegseth  @foxandfriends

The Fake News doesnt dare mention the corrupt Democrats!

The only people that dont like my conversation with the new Ukrainian President are those that heard Rep. Adam Schiff read a made up and totally fraudulent statement to the House and public, words that I did not say but that he fabricated (&amp; admitted to this fabrication). Sick!

It is disgraceful what the Do Nothing Democrats are doing (the Impeachment Scam), but it is also disgraceful what they are NOT doing, namely, the USMCA vote, Prescription Drug Price Reduction, Gun Safety, Infrastructure, and much more!

WOW, they got caught. End the Witch Hunt now!

fraudulently and illegally inserted his made up &amp; twisted words into my call with the Ukrainian President to make it look like I did something very wrong. He then boldly read those words to Congress and millions of people, defaming &amp; libeling me. He must resign from Congress!

The Whistleblowers complaint is completely different and at odds from my actual conversation with the new President of Ukraine. The so-called Whistleblower knew practically NOTHING in that those ridiculous charges were far more dramatic &amp; wrong, just like Liddle Adam Schiff

How do you impeach a President who has created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country, entirely rebuilt our Military into the most powerful it has ever been, Cut Record Taxes &amp; Regulations, fixed the VA &amp; gotten Choice for our Vets (after 45 years), &amp; so much more?

The conversation with the new and very good Ukraine President, who told the Fake News, at the United Nations, that HE WAS NOT PRESSURED BY ME IN ANY WAY, SHAPE, OR FORM, should by and of itself bring an end to the new and most recent Witch Hunt. Others ended in ashes!

They are trying to stop ME, because I am fighting for YOU!

KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

Can you imagine if these Do Nothing Democrat Savages, people like Nadler, Schiff, AOC Plus 3, and many more, had a Republican Party who would have done to Obama what the Do Nothings are doing to me. Oh well, maybe next time!

Voter I.D. is the best way. Go for it Doug!

Thank you to General McMaster. Just more Fake News!

I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP!

If that perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine Isnt considered appropriate, then no future President can EVER again speak to another foreign leader!

Sounding more and more like the so-called Whistleblower isnt a Whistleblower at all. In addition, all second hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have even been somebody else, a leaker or spy, feeding it to him or her? A partisan operative?

The Democrats are now to be known as the DO NOTHING PARTY!

Rep. Adam Schiff totally made up my conversation with Ukraine President and read it to Congress and Millions. He must resign and be investigated. He has been doing this for two years. He is a sick man!

IT WAS A PERFECT CONVERSATION WITH UKRAINE PRESIDENT!

Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them in order to meet. I said, of course, NO!

Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress, with millions of people watching, a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesnt exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call, but he completely changed the words to make it

sound horrible, and me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!

sound horrible, an me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!

Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress, with millions of people watching, a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesnt exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call, but he completely changed the words to make it

nice call with with the new President of Ukraine, it could not have been better or more honorable, and the Fake News Media and Democrats, working as a team, have fraudulently made it look bad. It wasnt bad, it was very legal and very good. A continuing Witch Hunt!

Obama loving (wrote Obama book) Peter Baker of the Failing New York Times, married to an even bigger Trump Hater than himself, should not even be allowed to write about me. Every story is a made up disaster with sources and leakers that dont even exist. I had a simple and very

To show you how dishonest the LameStream Media is, I used the word Liddle, not Liddle, in discribing Corrupt Congressman Liddle Adam Schiff. Low ratings @CNN purposely took the hyphen out and said I spelled the word little wrong. A small but never ending situation with CNN!

So many lies by Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats!

Will be a GREAT and very accurate show tonight by @seanhannity on @foxnews (9:00 PM). Will play my full statement from Air Force One!

The President of Ukraine said that he was NOT pressured by me to do anything wrong. Cant have better testimony than that! As V.P., Biden had his son, on the other hand, take out millions of dollars by strong arming the Ukrainian President. Also looted millions from China. Bad!

No one has done more behind the scenes for STRONG BORDER SECURITY than @SenCapito. Her bill passed Committee today with $5B for the BORDER WALL. West Virginia is a great State and Shelley gets it done. Keep it up!

Congratulations to my friend @SenShelby, our powerful Appropriations Chairman, for his hard work on many strong bills that continue to rebuild our military, invest in border security, and many other priorities. Good work and keep fighting, you are winning!

Liddle Adam Schiff, who has worked unsuccessfully for 3 years to hurt the Republican Party and President, has just said that the Whistleblower, even though he or she only had second hand information, is credible. How can that be with zero info and a known bias. Democrat Scam!

Adam Schiff has zero credibility. Another fantasy to hurt the Republican Party!

A whistleblower with second hand information? Another Fake News Story! See what was said on the very nice, no pressure, call. Another Witch Hunt!

That, and many other reasons, is why Republicans will win North Carolina!

Is there a case for impeachment? Absolutely not! There is no high crime or misdemeanor, no crime, no extortion, no treason. Robert Ray  @FoxNews

Is their a case for impeachment? Absolutely not! There is no high crimes or misdemeanors, no treason, no extortion, no treason. RD Robert Ray, respected

THE DEMOCRATS ARE TRYING TO DESTROY THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND ALL THAT IT STANDS FOR. STICK TOGETHER, PLAY THEIR GAME, AND FIGHT HARD REPUBLICANS. OUR COUNTRY IS AT STAKE!

THE GREATEST SCAM IN THE HISTORY OF AMERICAN POLITICS!

Thank you Jim!

If they actually did this the markets would crash. Do you think it was luck that got us to the best Stock Market and Economy in our history. It wasnt!

So bad for our Country!

So cute! Her father is under siege, for no reason, since his first day in office!

One of our best fundraising days EVER!

So true, but it will never work!

I have informed @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy and all Republicans in the House that I fully support transparency on so-called whistleblower information but also insist on transparency from Joe Biden and his son Hunter, on the millions of dollars that have been quickly and easily

taken out of Ukraine and China. Additionally, I demand transparency from Democrats that went to Ukraine and attempted to force the new President to do things that they wanted under the form of political threat

Wow! Ukraine Whistleblowers lead attorney donated to Biden. @FreeBeacon

He (President Trump) didnt specifically mention the explicit quid pro quo ofunless you investigate thiswere going to withhold military aid to you. Pamela Brown

You dont see a direct quid pro quo in this. @BretBaier

Democrats wrote to the Ukrainian government in May 2018 urging it to continue investigations into President Donald Trumps alleged collusion with Russia in the 2016 presidential campaign  collusion later found NOT TO EXIST

Will the Democrats apologize after seeing what was said on the call with the Ukrainian President? They should, a perfect call - got them by surprise!

The Democrats have been talking about Impeaching Donald Trump since before he was inaugurated. @SteveDoocy  @foxandfriends  And for no reason other than the great success we are having with the Economy, the Military, Vets, Tax and Regulation Cuts, HealthCare, and so much more!

There has been no President in the history of our Country who has been treated so badly as I have. The Democrats are frozen with hatred and fear. They get nothing done. This should never be allowed to happen to another President. Witch Hunt!

Great new book by the brilliant Andrew McCarthy, BALL OF COLLUSION, THE PLOT TO RIG AN ELECTION AND DESTROY A PRESIDENCY. Get it, and some other great new books which I will soon be recommending. They tell you about the Crooked Pols and the Witch Hunt that has now been exposed!

Thank you @LouDobbs and @JudgeJeanine!

Thank you @kevinomccarthy!

He (Trump) has already been suffering from this type of a Witch Hunt since before his Inauguration. If its not one thing, its another. Its a DISGRACE! @pnjaban @LouDobbs

Sooooo true @LindseyGrahamSC!

Thank you @JennaEllisRives -- totally agree!

They (Dems) are scrambling for a theme and narrative. Theyve gone everywhere from Russian Hoax to Russian Collusion...and now theyve come to this...they think they should have won the 2016 election, they think in their bizarre brains that they did

Mark Levin: Media trying to protect Biden, ignoring MASSIVE DEMOCRAT SCANDAL

Attorney For Anti-Trump Whistleblower Worked For Hillary Clinton, Chuck Schumer

Secretary of State Pompeo recieved permission from Ukraine Government to release the transcript of the telephone call I had with their President. They dont know either what the big deal is. A total Witch Hunt Scam by the Democrats!

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

They never even saw the transcript of the call. A total Witch Hunt!

Pelosi, Nadler, Schiff and, of course, Maxine Waters! Can you believe this?

Such an important day at the United Nations, so much work and so much success, and the Democrats purposely had to ruin and demean it with more breaking news Witch Hunt garbage. So bad for our Country!

The Democrats are so focused on hurting the Republican Party and the President that they are unable to get anything done because of it, including legislation on gun safety, lowering of prescription drug prices, infrastructure, etc. So bad for our Country!

THANK YOU!

You will see it was a very friendly and totally appropriate call. No pressure and, unlike Joe Biden and his son, NO quid pro quo! This is nothing more than a continuation of the Greatest and most Destructive Witch Hunt of all time!

I am currently at the United Nations representing our Country, but have authorized the release tomorrow of the complete, fully declassified and unredacted transcript of my phone conversation with President Zelensky of Ukraine

Hopefully they will work it out, and quickly!

True. A wonderful meeting!

She seems like a very happy young girl looking forward to a bright and wonderful future. So nice to see!

@FoxNews bombshell information reports that the so-called Whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of that phone conversation with Ukraines President. Wow! @HARRISFAULKNER It is all a Democrat/Adam Schiff Scam! Doing this for 3 years now, and found NOTHING!

#UNGA

94% approval rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!

Thank you, working hard!

This is the real corruption that the Fake News Media refuses to even acknowledge!

know the correct facts. Is he on our Countrys side. Where does he come from. Is this all about Schiff &amp; the Democrats again after years of being wrong?

The very thing that they are accusing President Trump of doing (which I didnt do), was actually done by Joe Biden. Continues to be a double standard. @RepDevinNunes  @foxandfriends  These people are stone cold Crooked. Also, who is this so-called whistleblower who doesnt

Just leaving the Great State of Ohio for New York and a few big days at the United Nations. Your Country will be well represented!

Breaking News: The Ukrainian Government just said they werent pressured at all during the nice call. Sleepy Joe Biden, on the other hand, forced a tough prosecutor out from investigating his sons company by threat of not giving big dollars to Ukraine. Thats the real story!

Now the Fake News Media says I pressured the Ukrainian President at least 8 times during my telephone call with him. This supposedly comes from a so-called whistleblower who they say doesnt even have a first hand account of what was said. More Democrat/Crooked Media con

Incredible!

The USA Loves India!

Justice Kavanaugh should sue The Failing New York Times for all they are worth!

Look forward to being with our great India loving community!

The @nytimes is trying to make someone (Justice Kavanaugh) into an evil person when they dont have the information to back it up. It is a false hoax. @MZHemingway @MediaBuzzFNC  Zero people were fired at the Times. Why?

Will be in Houston to be with my friend. Will be a great day in Texas!

They are trying to destroy and influence Justice Kavanaugh, a very good man. @LindseyGrahamSC  100% correct, and they should be fully exposed for what they are!

I go along with Joe!

Go across the world and youll see either very low interest rates, or negative rates. The President wants to be competitive with these other countries on this, but I dont think hell fire Jay Powell (even if I should!). We should always be paying less interest than others!

The real story involves Hunter Biden going around the world and collecting large payments from foreign governments and foreign oligarchs. Peter Schweizer  Laura Ingraham Hunter made a fortune in Ukraine and in China. He knew nothing about Energy, or anything else

When someone gets nominated overwhelmingly, and then wins the Election, as he did, then he gets to set the National Agenda. The press is just outrages. This @nytimes story is the most irresponsible thing Ive ever seen. @EdRollins @LouDobbs  I agree. They also lose too much!

The Fake News Media nowadays not only doesnt check for the accuracy of the facts, they knowingly make up the facts. They even make up sources in order to protect their partners, the Democrats. It is so wrong, but they dont even care anymore. They have gone totally CRAZY!!!!

The LameStream Media had a very bad week. They pushed numerous phony stories and got caught, especially The Failing New York Times, which has lost more money over the last 10 years than any paper in history, and The Amazon Washington Post. They are The Enemy of the People!

Ukraine Foreign Minister disputes reports of any pressure from Trump. This conversation was long, friendly, and it touched on many questions. @NBCNews  Correct. If your looking for something done wrong, just look at the tape of Sleepy Joe. He is being protected by the Media!

Theyre trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal. @PeterSchweizer The problem is, Trump did nothing wrong!

It appears that an American spy in one of our intelligence agencies may have been spying on our own president. The complaint suggests that this intel agent was listening in on Trumps conversation

with a foreign leader. Was this person officially asked to listen to the conversation or was he or she secretly listening in? @GreggJarrett

The pretend Ukraine scandal is an another malicious seditious effort to protect the Obama/Clinton gang. Criminal classified leaks and spying targeting Trump  again. @TomFitton

Theyre trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal. @PeterScheeizer The problem is, Trump did nothing wrong!

Some of the best Economic Numbers our Country has ever experienced are happening right now. This is despite a Crooked and Demented Deep State, and a probably illegal Democrat/Fake News Media Partnership the likes of which the world has never seen. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Now that the Democrats and the Fake News Media have gone bust on every other of their Witch Hunt schemes, they are trying to start one just as ridiculous as the others, call it the Ukraine Witch Hunt, while at the same time trying to protect Sleepy Joe Biden. Will fail again!

This is the real and only story!

story about me and a perfectly fine and routine conversation I had with the new President of the Ukraine. Nothing was said that was in any way wrong, but Bidens demand, on the other hand, was a complete and total disaster. The Fake News knows this but doesnt want to report!

The Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party, want to stay as far away as possible from the Joe Biden demand that the Ukrainian Government fire a prosecutor who was investigating his son, or they wont get a very large amount of U.S. money, so they fabricate a

I want to express my gratitude to Americas magnificent @FLOTUS for tonights exquisite evening where we celebrated more than a century of loyal and devoted friendship betweenBoth of our nations are blessed by uncommon courage, unfailing commitment, and unyielding character!

Rachel Campos-Duffy has written a wonderful book for children, Paloma Wants To Be Lady Freedom. She and her husband, Sean Duffy, have done so much for our Country. Buy this book - great for the kids!

Thank you, working hard!

statement. Strange that with so many other people hearing or knowing of the perfectly fine and respectful conversation, that they would not have also come forward. Do you know the reason why they did not? Because there was nothing said wrong, it was pitch perfect!

The Radical Left Democrats and their Fake News Media partners, headed up again by Little Adam Schiff, and batting Zero for 21 against me, are at it again! They think I may have had a dicey conversation with a certain foreign leader based on a highly partisan whistleblowers

Oh no, really big political news, perhaps the biggest story in years! Part time Mayor of New York City,  @BilldeBlasio, who was polling at a solid ZERO but had tremendous room for growth, has shocking dropped out of the Presidential race. NYC is devastated, hes coming home!

The U.S. Economy is the envy of the world, as Europe and Asia slide ever toward recession. But the Left is trying to avoid talking about the Trump Economy. @IngrahamAngle  The Best Is Yet To Come

Great news. @MariaBartiromo just renewed her deal with Fox. I dont care how much they paid her, they got a beautiful bargain. Congratulations to both!

Nice meeting with Mark Zuckerberg of @Facebook in the Oval Office today

Because of my Administration, drug prices are down for the first time in almost 50 years  but the American people need Congress to help. I like Sen. Grassleys drug pricing bill very much, and its great to see Speaker Pelosis bill today. Lets get it done in a bipartisan way!

Presidential Harassment!

Another Fake News story out there - It never ends! Virtually anytime I speak on the phone to a foreign leader, I understand that there may be many people listening from various U.S. agencies, not to mention those from the other country itself. No problem!

Knowing all of this, is anybody dumb enough to believe that I would say something inappropriate with a foreign leader while on such a potentially heavily populated call. I would only do what is right anyway, and only do good for the USA!

GREAT progress on the Border Wall!

All Polls, and some brand new Polls, show very little support for impeachment. Such a waste of time, especially with sooo much good that could be done, including prescription drug price reduction, healthcare, infrastructure etc

Thank you!

Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve Fail Again. No guts, no sense, no vision!  A terrible communicator!

Happy 72nd Birthday to our GREAT @USAirForce! #HBDUSAF

far safer and much less expensive. Many more cars will be produced under the new and uniform standard, meaning significantly more JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Automakers should seize this opportunity because without this alternative to California, you will be out of business

The Trump Administration is revoking Californias Federal Waiver on emissions in order to produce far less expensive cars for the consumer, while at the same time making the cars substantially SAFER. This will lead to more production because of this pricing and safety

advantage, and also due to the fact that older, highly polluting cars, will be replaced by new, extremely environmentally friendly cars. There will be very little difference in emissions between the California Standard and the new U.S. Standard, but the cars will be

I am pleased to announce that I will name Robert C. OBrien, currently serving as the very successful Special Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs at the State Department, as our new National Security Advisor. I have worked long &amp; hard with Robert. He will do a great job!

I have just instructed the Secretary of the Treasury to substantially increase Sanctions on the country of Iran!

So nice that our Country is now Energy Independent. The USA is in better shape than ever before. Strongest Military by far, biggest Economy (no longer even close), number one in Energy! MAGA = KAG!

Terrence K. Williams, You cant impeach Trump for being a winner!

IIhan Omar, a member of AOC Plus 3, will win us the Great State of Minnesota. The new face of the Democrat Party!

Dummy Beto made it much harder to make a deal. Convinced many that Dems just want to take your guns away. Will continue forward!

Great!

Thank you Corey!

The Witch Hunt is the greatest political scam in U.S. history! #MAGA

As Corey Lewandowski stated very clearly yesterday in front of the House Judiciary Committee, President Trump didnt do anything wrong or illegal. But they all know that. The Democrats are hurting our Country, and getting nothing done. Shameful! @CLewandowski_  @foxandfriends

No Lindsey, it was a sign of strength that some people just dont understand!

The New York Times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence Justice Brett Kavanaugh. It wasnt the editor, the Times knew everything. They are sick and desperate, losing in so many ways!

Such a beautiful Opening Statement by Corey Lewandowski! Thank you Corey! @CLewandowski_

Just departed New Mexico for California, where we are delivering results!

The New York Times is at its lowest point in its long and storied history. Not only is it losing a lot of money, but it is a journalistic disaster, being laughed at even in the most liberal of enclaves. It has become a very sad joke all all over the World. Witch Hunt hurt them

That story (Kavanaugh) is nowhere near the standard that should be met in publishing a story. @brithume @FoxNews

If you want to stop the drug smugglers, human traffickers, and vicious MS-13 gang members from threatening our communities and poisoning our youth, you have only one choice  you must elect more REPUBLICANS! #KAG2020

We are all united by the same love of Country, the same devotion to family, and the same profound faith that America is blessed by the eternal grace of ALMIGHTY GOD! 

Bound by these convictions, we will campaign for every vote &amp; we will WIN the Great State of NEW MEXICO in 2020!

Beautiful evening in New Mexico with Great American Patriots!

KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

On my way to New Mexico  see you all shortly at the @StarCenter! #KAG2020

She can never recover, and will never return to Greatness, under current Management. The Times is DEAD, long live The New York Times!

I call for the Resignation of everybody at The New York Times involved in the Kavanaugh SMEAR story, and while youre at it, the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, which is just as phony! Theyve taken the Old Grey Lady and broken her down, destroyed her virtue and ruined her reputation

One my way to New Mexico  see you all shortly at the @StarCenter! #KAG2020

How many stories are wrong? Almost all of the stories the New York Times has done are inaccurate and wrong. @greggutfeld  The New York Times should close its doors and throw away the keys. The women mentioned in the Kavanaugh story said she didnt even remember the event

Congratulations @MarianoRivera!

This afternoon at the @WhiteHouse, it was my great honor to present our nations highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, to American baseball legend @MarianoRivera. Congratulations on this extraordinary achievement, Mo!

Thank you, working hard! #KAG2020

Big crowd expected in New Mexico tonight, where we will WIN. Your Border Wall is getting stronger each and every day  see you in a few hours!

In a short while I will be presenting the New York @Yankees @MarianoRivera, the greatest relief pitcher (Closer!) of all time, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse!

They failed on the Mueller Report, they failed on Robert Muellers testimony, they failed on everything else, so now the Democrats are trying to build a case that I enrich myself by being President. Good idea, except I will, and have always expected to, lose BILLIONS of DOLLARS

for the privilege of being your President - and doing the best job that has been done in many decades. I am far beyond somebody paying for a hotel room for the evening, or filling up a gas tank at an airport I do not own. These Radical Left Democrats are CRAZY! Obama Netflix?

Democrats would rather talk about gun control than get something done. Governor John Sununu @FoxNews @BillHemmer The big questions are, will they move the goalposts and, is this just a ploy to TAKE YOUR GUNS AWAY? I hope NOT on both counts, but Ill be able to figure it out!

Remember when Iran shot down a drone, saying knowingly that it was in their airspace when, in fact, it was nowhere close. They stuck strongly to that story knowing that it was a very big lie. Now they say that they had nothing to do with the attack on Saudi Arabia. Well see?

Just Out: Kavanaugh accuser doesnt recall incident. @foxandfriends  DO YOU BELIEVE WHAT THESE HORRIBLE PEOPLE WILL DO OR SAY. They are looking to destroy, and influence his opinions - but played the game badly. They should be sued!

Whats happening to Justice Kavanaugh is a disgrace. This guy is not a good man, he is a great man. He has to go to his church with his family while these terrible reports are being written about him, a disgrace! Dan Bongino @foxandfriends

The New York Times walks back report on Kavanaugh assault claim. @foxandfriends  The one who is actually being assaulted is Justice Kavanaugh - Assaulted by lies and Fake News! This is all about the LameStream Media working with their partner, the Dems

The United States, because of the Federal Reserve, is paying a MUCH higher Interest Rate than other competing countries. They cant believe how lucky they are that Jay Powell &amp; the Fed dont have a clue. And now, on top of it all, the Oil hit. Big Interest Rate Drop, Stimulus!

Producer prices in China shrank most in 3 years due to Chinas big devaluation of their currency, coupled with monetary stimulus. Federal Reserve not watching? Will Fed ever get into the game? Dollar strongest EVER! Really bad for exports. No Inflation...Highest Interest Rates

Because we have done so well with Energy over the last few years (thank you, Mr. President!), we are a net Energy Exporter, &amp; now the Number One Energy Producer in the World. We dont need Middle Eastern Oil &amp; Gas, &amp; in fact have very few tankers there, but will help our Allies!

The @nytimes. This week, the Senate passed a milestone in confirming the 150th Federal Judge of Mr. Trumps Administration to a lifetime appointment, far outstripping Barack Obamas pace and fulfilling pledges by Mr. Trump and Mr. OConnell to remake the Federal Judiciary

These Conservative Judicial appointments will impact our nation for years to come, said Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, who leads the Judiciary Committee and who has been speeding through Trump nominees. The entire Court System is changing at a record pace!

House Judiciary has given up on the Mueller Report, sadly for them after two years and $40,000,000 spent - ZERO COLLUSION, ZERO OBSTRUCTION. So they say, OK, lets look at everything else, and all of the deals that Trump has done over his lifetime. But it doesnt

work that way. I have a better idea. Look at the Obama Book Deal, or the ridiculous Netflix deal. Then look at all the deals made by the Dems in Congress, the Congressional Slush Fund, and lastly the IG Reports. Take a look at them. Those investigations would be over FAST!

We cannot have what happened to this President happen again. Joe DiGenova.  It is time for Justice to come barreling in. @LouDobbs  Can you imagine that with everything going on in this World, the Witch Hunt, though on a respirator, is still whimpering along. A disgrace!

The Fake News is saying that I am willing to meet with Iran, No Conditions. That is an incorrect statement (as usual!)

Here we go again with General Motors and the United Auto Workers. Get together and make a deal!

PLENTY OF OIL!

Saudi Arabia oil supply was attacked. There is reason to believe that we know the culprit, are locked and loaded depending on verification, but are waiting to hear from the Kingdom as to who they believe was the cause of this attack, and under what terms we would proceed!

sufficient to keep the markets well-supplied. I have also informed all appropriate agencies to expedite approvals of the oil pipelines currently in the permitting process in Texas and various other States

Based on the attack on Saudi Arabia, which may have an impact on oil prices, I have authorized the release of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, if needed, in a to-be-determined amount

Then, on top of it all, Kathleen Parker, of all people, wrote In Case You Were Wondering, Trump Won The Debate. True, but what is going on at the @washingtonpost? NOT Fake News!

Cant believe the @washingtonpost wrote a positive front page story, Unity Issue Has Parties Pointing To Trump. GOP Goes All In, While Democrats Clash Over Ideology &amp; Tactics. Mr. President, We Are With You The Entire Way. REPUBLICANS Have....Coalesced Around Trump

I am fighting the Fake (Corrupt) News, the Deep State, the Democrats, and the few remaining Republicans In Name Only (RINOS, who are on mouth to mouth resuscitation), with the help of some truly great Republicans, and others. We are Winning big (150th Federal Judge this week)!

Cant let Brett Kavanaugh give Radical Left Democrat (Liberal Plus) Opinions based on threats of Impeaching him over made up stories (sound familiar?), false allegations, and lies. This is the game they play. Fake and Corrupt News is working overtime! #ProtectKavanaugh

Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for libel, or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Cant let that happen!

Thank you @foxandfriends and @RepMarkMeadows. Great interview!

Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for liable, or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Cant let that happen!

Now the Radical Left Democrats and their Partner, the LameStream Media, are after Brett Kavanaugh again, talking loudly of their favorite word, impeachment. He is an innocent man who has been treated HORRIBLY. Such lies about him. They want to scare him into turning Liberal!

All based on NOTHING! The Dems cant get anything positive done, and probably dont want to

Thank you Billy!

Thank you!

My great honor!

That is true, and the USA is Winning Again!

Amazing!

The Taliban has never been hit harder than it is being hit right now. Killing 12 people, including one great American soldier, was not a good idea. There are much better ways to set up a negotiation. The Taliban knows they made a big mistake, and they have no idea how to recover!

Im OK with that!

I had a call today with Prime Minister Netanyahu to discuss the possibility of moving forward with a Mutual Defense Treaty, between the United States and Israel, that would further anchor the tremendous alliance

between our two countries. I look forward to continuing those discussions after the Israeli Elections when we meet at the United Nations later this month!

KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party! Tuesday night in the Great State of North Carolina proved that high and very beautiful number correct

Who the hell is Joy-Ann Reid? Never met her, she knows ZERO about me, has NO talent, and truly doesnt have the it factor needed for success in showbiz. Had a bad reputation, and now works for the Comcast/NBC losers making up phony stories about me. Low Ratings. Fake News!

A Very Stable Genius! Thank you

While I like the Vaping alternative to Cigarettes, we need to make sure this alternative is SAFE for ALL! Lets get counterfeits off the market, and keep young children from Vaping!

Great news about the work we are doing on illegal immigration!

Historic Milestone indeed!

The two big Congressional wins in North Carolina on Tuesday, Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy, have reverberated all over the World. They showed a lot of people how strong the Republican Party is, and how well it is doing. 2020 is a big, and very important, Election. We will WIN!

VERY stupidly negotiated Trade Deals, and Illegal Immigration, are a tremendous cost and burden to our Country. They are BOTH coming along very well and someday, in the not too distant future, America will see a very positive change. Remember, America First!

Illegal Immigration costs the USA over 300 Billion Dollars a year. There is no reason for this, and things are being set in motion to have this number come WAY DOWN. Democrats could end Loopholes and it would be a whole lot easier, and faster. But it will all happen anyway!

IG Report, which showed him to be a Disgraced &amp; Dirty Cop. Republicans have unified like never before. You dont impeach Presidents for doing a good (great!) job. No Obstruction, No Collusion, only treasonous crimes committed by the other side, and led by the Democrats. Sad!

How do you impeach a President who has helped create perhaps the greatest economy in the history of our Country? All time best unemployment numbers, especially for Blacks, Hispanics, Asians &amp; Women. More people working today than ever before. Rebuilt Military &amp; Choice for Vets

Became Number 1 in World &amp; Independent in Energy. Will soon have record number of Judges, 2 SC Justices. Done more than any President in first 2 1/2 years despite phony &amp; fraudulent Witch Hunt illegally led against him. WIN on Mueller Report, Mueller Testimony &amp; James Comey

Hello Baltimore!

In fact, my views on Venezuela, and especially Cuba, were far stronger than those of John Bolton. He was holding me back!

This should have been over with after the Mueller Report came out. @guypbenson @FoxNews

We cant beat him, so lets impeach him! Democrat Rep. Al Green

Dems have never gotten over the fact that President Trump won the Election! @GOPLeader McCarthy

Some really big Court wins on the Border lately!

It is expected that China will be buying large amounts of our agricultural products!

European Central Bank, acting quickly, Cuts Rates 10 Basis Points. They are trying, and succeeding, in depreciating the Euro against the VERY strong Dollar, hurting U.S. exports.... And the Fed sits, and sits, and sits. They get paid to borrow money, while we are paying interest!

Thank you Brandon!

Thank you!

The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress, and elsewhere!

The Wall is being built after victories against the Democrats in various courts!

I had an excellent telephone conversation with Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, President of Mexico, talking about Southern Border Security, and various other things of mutual interest for the people of our respective countries

The Southern Border is becoming very strong despite the obstruction by Democrats not agreeing to do anything on Loopholes or Asylum!

on October 1st, we have agreed, as a gesture of good will, to move the increased Tariffs on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods (25% to 30%), from October 1st to October 15th

At the request of the Vice Premier of China, Liu He, and due to the fact that the Peoples Republic of China will be celebrating their 70th Anniversary

BIG United States Supreme Court WIN for the Border on Asylum!

Today and every day, we pledge to honor our history, to treasure our liberty, to uplift our communities, to live up to our values, to prove worthy of our heroes, and above all, to NEVER FORGET. #Honor911

Leaving the White House soon to speak at the Pentagon. My great honor!

If it werent for the never ending Fake News about me, and with all that I have done (more than any other President in the first 2 1/2 years!), I would be leading the Partners of the LameStream Media by 20 points. Sorry, but true!

In a hypothetical poll, done by one of the worst pollsters of them all, the Amazon Washington Post/ABC, which predicted I would lose to Crooked Hillary by 15 points (how did that work out?), Sleepy Joe, Pocahontas and virtually all others would beat me in the General Election

This is a phony suppression poll, meant to build up their Democrat partners. I havent even started campaigning yet, and am constantly fighting Fake News like Russia, Russia, Russia. Look at North Carolina last night. Dan Bishop, down big in the Polls, WINS. Easier than 2016!

The Federal Reserve should get our interest rates down to ZERO, or less, and we should then start to refinance our debt. INTEREST COST COULD BE BROUGHT WAY DOWN, while at the same time substantially lengthening the term. We have the great currency, power, and balance sheet

The USA should always be paying the the lowest rate. No Inflation! It is only the navet of Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve that doesnt allow us to do what other countries are already doing. A once in a lifetime opportunity that we are missing because of Boneheads

China suspends Tariffs on some U.S. products. Being hit very hard, supply chains breaking up as many companies move, or look to move, to other countries. Much more expensive to China than originally thought. @CNBC  @JoeSquawk

Greg Murphy won big, 62% to 37%, in North Carolina 03, &amp; the Fake News barely covered the race. The win was far bigger than anticipated - there was just nothing the Fakers could say to diminish or demean the scope of this victory. So we had TWO BIG VICTORIES tonight, Greg &amp; Dan!

Alice @alicetweet Stewart: Thank you for the nice words while on @CNN concerning the TWO big Republican Congressional victories. Youd be great on a network with much higher ratings. Keep up the good work!

@CNN &amp; @MSNBC were all set to have a BIG victory, until Dan Bishop won North Carolina 09. Now you will hear them barely talk about, or cover, the race. Fake News never wins!

BIG NIGHT FOR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL!

Greg Murphy is a big winner in North Carolina 03. Much bigger margins than originally anticipated. Congratulations Greg!

Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help, we changed his strategy together, and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. @CNN &amp; @MSNBC are moving their big studio equipment and talent out. Stay tuned!

Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help, we changed his strategy together, and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. @CNN &amp; @MSNBC are moving their big studio equipment and to talent out. Stay tuned!

Senator Ben Sasse has done a wonderful job representing the people of Nebraska. He is great with our Vets, the Military, and your very important Second Amendment. Strong on Crime and the Border, Ben has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

I am pleased to endorse Governor Mike Parson of Missouri. He is very Popular, Strong, and knows what he is doing  he gets it! Based on the fact that Mike has announced he will run again in 2020 for Governor, Mike Parson has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

Excellent interview by @CondoleezzaRice on @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews. Very interesting and secure perspective on life

One down, one to go  Greg Murphy is projected to win in the Great State of North Carolina! #NC03

Incredible progress being made at the Southern Border!

I asked John for his resignation, which was given to me this morning. I thank John very much for his service. I will be naming a new National Security Advisor next week

I informed John Bolton last night that his services are no longer needed at the White House. I disagreed strongly with many of his suggestions, as did others in the Administration, and therefore

Vote today for Dan Bishop. Will be great for North Carolina and our Country!

One of the greatest and most powerful weapons used by the Fake and Corrupt News Media is the phony Polling Information they put out. Many of these polls are fixed, or worked in such a way that a certain candidate will look good or bad. Internal polling looks great, the best ever!

ABC/Washington Post Poll was the worst and most inaccurate poll of any taken prior to the 2016 Election. When my lawyers protested, they took a 12 point down and brought it to almost even by Election Day. It was a Fake Poll by two very bad and dangerous media outlets. Sad!

NORTH CAROLINA, VOTE FOR DAN BISHOP TODAY. WE NEED HIM BADLY IN WASHINGTON!

Last night in North Carolina was incredible!

Great job by the U.S. Coast Guard!

THANK YOU @USCG! GREAT JOB!!

Beautiful evening in Fayetteville tonight! Big day in North Carolina tomorrow. Make sure you get out and VOTE for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03!

THANK YOU Fayetteville, North Carolina! Make sure you get out and VOTE TOMORROW for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03!!

NORTH CAROLINA  Vote for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03 TOMORROW. Make it a great day for Republicans!

Received an update on Air Force One at MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina, regarding damage caused by Hurricane Dorian

Departing MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina for Fayetteville, North Carolina. This is amazing!

Speaking to Governor @HenryMcMaster of South Carolina on my way to North Carolina for a big rally for Dan Bishop (@jdanbishop) running for Congress. Vote tomorrow! #NC09

To every one of the HEROES we recognized today  THANK YOU and God Bless You All!

We have been serving as policemen in Afghanistan, and that was not meant to be the job of our Great Soldiers, the finest on earth. Over the last four days, we have been hitting our Enemy harder than at any time in the last ten years!

the Economy, where there is NO Recession, much to the regret of the LameStream Media! They are working overtime to help the Democrats win in 2020, but that will NEVER HAPPEN, Americans are too smart!

the look of turmoil in the White House, of which there is none. I view much of the media as simply an arm of the Democrat Party. They are corrupt, and they are extremely upset at how well our Country is doing under MY Leadership, including

A lot of Fake News is being reported that I overruled the VP and various advisers on a potential Camp David meeting with the Taliban. This Story is False! I always think it is good to meet and talk, but in this case I decided not to. The Dishonest Media likes to create

The Trump Administration has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done, and are doing, but the people know, and thats all that is important!

I had nothing to do with the decision of our great @VP Mike Pence to stay overnight at one of the Trump owned resorts in Doonbeg, Ireland. Mikes family has lived in Doonbeg for many years, and he thought that during his very busy European visit, he would stop and see his family!

I know nothing about an Air Force plane landing at an airport (which I do not own and have nothing to do with) near Turnberry Resort (which I do own) in Scotland, and filling up with fuel, with the crew staying overnight at Turnberry (they have good taste!). NOTHING TO DO WITH ME

The Trump Administrations has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done, and are doing, but the people know, and thats all that is important!

that this Administration has done. They dont talk about the great economy, the big tax and regulation cuts, the rebuilding of the Military, Choice at our VA, our Vets, Judges and Supreme Court Justices, the Border Wall going up, lowest crime numbers, 2nd A, and so much more!

As bad as @CNN is, Comcast MSNBC is worse. Their ratings are also way down because they have lost all credibility. I believe their stories about me are not 93% negative, but actually 100% negative. They are incapable of saying anything positive, despite all of the great things

Great news that an activist investor is now involved with AT&amp;T. As the owner of VERY LOW RATINGS @CNN, perhaps they will now put a stop to all of the Fake News emanating from its non-credible anchors. Also, I hear that, because of its bad ratings, it is losing a fortune

But most importantly, @CNN is bad for the USA. Their International Division spews bad information &amp; Fake News all over the globe. This is why foreign leaders are always asking me, Why does the Media hate the U.S. sooo much? It is a fraudulent shame, &amp; all comes from the top!

94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!

House Republicans should allow Chairs of Committees to remain for longer than 6 years. It forces great people, and real leaders, to leave after serving. The Dems have unlimited terms. While that has its own problems, it is a better way to go. Fewer people, in the end, will leave!

but then he ran for Congress and won, only to lose his re-elect after I Tweeted my endorsement, on Election Day, for his opponent. But now take heart, he is back, and running for President of the United States. The Three Stooges, all badly failed candidates, will give it a go!

When the former Governor of the Great State of South Carolina, @MarkSanford, was reported missing, only to then say he was away hiking on the Appalachian Trail, then was found in Argentina with his Flaming Dancer friend, it sounded like his political career was over. It was,

North Carolina, vote for Dan Bishop tomorrow. We need him badly in Washington! His opponent is a far left Sanctuary Cities supporter

Maria &amp; John understood the dishonesty &amp; deception from the very beginning!

When all of the people pushing so hard for Criminal Justice Reform were  unable to come even close to getting it done, they came to me as a group and asked for my help. I got it done with a group of Senators &amp; others who would never have gone for it. Obama couldnt come close

A man named @VanJones68, and many others, were profusely grateful (at that time!). I SIGNED IT INTO LAW, no one else did, &amp; Republicans deserve much credit. But now that it is passed, people that had virtually nothing to do with it are taking the praise. Guys like boring

musician @johnlegend, and his filthy mouthed wife, are talking now about how great it is - but I didnt see them around when we needed help getting it passed. Anchor@LesterHoltNBC doesnt even bring up the subject of President Trump or the Republicans when talking about

the importance or passage of Criminal Justice Reform. They only talk about the minor players, or people that had nothing to do with it...And the people that so desperately sought my help when everyone else had failed, all they talk about now is Impeaching President Trump!

Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine Pirro on having, again, the Number One Best Selling Book!

Looking forward to being in the North Carolina tomorrow night. Were having a BIG RALLY for a great guy, Dan Bishop. Strong on Crime, Borders, your Military and our Vets, we need Dan Bishop in Washington badly. His opponent is WEAK on Crime, Borders, and against your 2nd A

WE ARE BUILDING THE WALL

Leakin Lyin James Comey!

an attack in Kabul that killed one of our great great soldiers, and 11 other people. I immediately cancelled the meeting and called off peace negotiations. What kind of people would kill so many in order to seemingly strengthen their bargaining position? They didnt, they

only made it worse! If they cannot agree to a ceasefire during these very important peace talks, and would even kill 12 innocent people, then they probably dont have the power to negotiate a meaningful agreement anyway. How many more decades are they willing to fight?

Unbeknownst to almost everyone, the major Taliban leaders and, separately, the President of Afghanistan, were going to secretly meet with me at Camp David on Sunday. They were coming to the United States tonight. Unfortunately, in order to build false leverage, they admitted to

FAKE NEWS. I would like very much to stop referring to this ridiculous story, but the LameStream Media just wont let it alone. They always have to have the last word, even though they know they are defrauding &amp; deceiving the public. The public knows that the Media is corrupt!

The Failing New York Times stated, in an article written by Obama flunky Peter Baker (who lovingly wrote Obama book),Even after the President forecast the storm to include Alabama. THIS IS NOT TRUE. I said, VERY EARLY ON, that it MAY EVEN hit Alabama. A BIG DIFFERENCE

Our Economy is doing great!!!!!

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

Congratulations to the GREAT Jerry West!

Thank you Katie. The U.S. is doing great!

Russia and Ukraine just swapped large numbers of prisoners. Very good news, perhaps a first giant step to peace. Congratulations to both countries!

In 22 years of patrolling our Southern Border, I have never seen Mexico act like a true Border Security Partner until President Trump got involved, and now they are stepping up to the plate and doing what they need to do. Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol

The Washington Posts @PhilipRucker (Mr. Off the Record) &amp; @AshleyRParker, two nasty lightweight reporters, shouldnt even be allowed on the grounds of the White House because their reporting is so DISGUSTING &amp; FAKE. Also, add the appointment of MANY Federal Judges this Summer!

I want to congratulate @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and all Republicans. Today I signed the 160th Federal Judge to the Bench. Within a short period of time we will be at over 200 Federal Judges, including many in the Appellate Courts &amp; two great new U.S. Supreme Court Justices!

I would also like to thank Papa Doug Manchester, hopefully the next Ambassador to the Bahamas, for the incredible amount of time, money and passion he has spent on helping to bring safety to the Bahamas. Much work to be done by the Bahamian Government. We will help! @OANN

Thank you to Bahamian Prime Minister Hubert Minnis for your very gracious and kind words in saying that without the help of the United States and me, their would have been many more casualties. I give all credit to FEMA, the U.S. Coast Guard, &amp; the brave people of the Bahamas

China just enacted a major stimulus plan. With all the Tariffs THEY are paying to the USA, Billions and Billions of Dollars, they need it! In the meantime, our Federal Reserve sits back and does NOTHING!

PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT!

that were not hit  and that are in good condition. Any cruise ship companies willing to act as stationary housing, etc., I am sure would be appreciated!

The @USCG, @FEMA, and all others, along with other countries that have been helping, have been asked to move people in the badly hit sections of the Bahamas to other sections of the Bahamas

The Washington Posts Lost Summer

China is eating the Tariffs. Billions pouring into USA. Targeted Patriot Farmers getting massive Dollars from the incoming Tariffs! Good Jobs Numbers, No Inflation(Fed). China having worst year in decades. Talks happening, good for all!

The Economy is great. The only thing adding to uncertainty is the Fake News!

Great job by FEMA, Law Enforcement, First Responders, U.S. Coast Guard, and ALL! Keep going, we all appreciate what you are doing!

partner should start playing it straight. It would be so much better for our Country!

The Fake News Media was fixated on the fact that I properly said, at the beginnings of Hurricane Dorian, that in addition to Florida &amp; other states, Alabama may also be grazed or hit. They went Crazy, hoping against hope that I made a mistake (which I didnt). Check out maps

This nonsense has never happened to another President. Four days of corrupt reporting, still without an apology. But there are many things that the Fake News Media has not apologized to me for, like the Witch Hunt, or SpyGate! The LameStream Media and their Democrat

Larry Kudlow on @Varneyco now!

Our great @JudgeJeanine has just written a book that will add to the tremendous success of her last number one best seller. Its called, Radicals, Resistance, and Revenge, The Lefts Plot To Remake America. It is a FANTASTIC book. Go get it! @foxandfriends

Great interview of Sarah Sanders by @foxandfriends. She is a terrific person with a great future!

Congratulations to @edhenry and his sister on a great success. What a wonderful thing to do!

I agree with @jimcramer, the Fed should lower rates. They were WAY too early to raise, and Way too late to cut - and big dose quantitative tightening didnt exactly help either. Where did I find this guy Jerome? Oh well, you cant win them all!

DACA will be going before the Supreme Court. It is a document that even President Obama didnt feel he had the legal right to sign - he signed it anyway! Rest assured that if the SC does what all say it must, based on the law, a bipartisan deal will be made to the benefit of all!

have the discretion to end the program that President Obama began in his discretion. That program was unlawful to begin with. I think its very unlikely that the SCOTUS is going to issue an order reinstating what it believes is an unlawful program. DACA Is unlawful

President Obama never had the legal right to sign DACA, and he indicated so at the time of signing. But In any event, how can he have the right to sign and I dont have the right to unsigned. Totally illegal document which would actually give the President new powers

The Immigration Law Institutes Christopher Hajec says, The Supreme Court has to look st whether DACA is lawful. What they are looking at now is whether Trumps recision of DACA is lawful. Must consider lawfulness of DACA itself. Looks very odd that President Trump doesnt

I think President Trump is set in his ways because he doesnt see any weakening. I mean, look at the joblessness report today. What Im surprised at is how strong the consumer is. I think the Chinese need it (a deal) more than we do. Its statistical. I just think

that our economy is very strong. If the Fed would lower rates to where the bond market says they should be, then I really wouldnt worry about a recession. @jimcramer @JoeSquawk

Looking forward to watching @SarahHuckabee Sanders tomorrow morning on @FoxandFriends, by far the #1 rated show on Morning Cable at 8:30am. Sarah will be an incredible addition to @FoxNews!

Great job done by @GovRonDesantis, @SenRickScott, Senator @MarcoRubio, and all of the those from Florida that were so brilliantly involved, including @FEMA, @USCG, Law Enforcement and First Responders. Thank you all!

Just got off the phone with Governor Brian Kemp (@GovKemp) of Georgia. Happy to hear that things are looking good for everyone. I stand by ready to assist, along with our great team at @FEMA  were with you ALL THE WAY!

Just spoke to Governor @HenryMcMaster of South Carolina regarding Hurricane Dorian. I informed Henry that we are monitoring South Carolina and stand by ready to assist. Be safe everyone, we are totally with you!

Just talked to Governor Roy Cooper of North Carolina as Hurricane Dorian ominously comes up the East Coast. We are monitoring it at the @WhiteHouse, ready to assist via our great team over at @FEMA, who are already on site. We are with you all the way North Carolina. BE SAFE!

I was with you all the way Alabama. The Fake News Media was not!

Just as I said, Alabama was originally projected to be hit. The Fake News denies it!

After almost 3 years in my Administration, Jason Greenblatt will be leaving to pursue work in the private sector. Jason has been a loyal and great friend and fantastic lawyer

His dedication to Israel and to seeking peace between Israel and the Palestinians wont be forgotten. He will be missed. Thank you Jason!

Really Good Jobs Numbers!

Alabama was going to be hit or grazed, and then Hurricane Dorian took a different path (up along the East Coast). The Fake News knows this very well. Thats why theyre the Fake News!

said what she did, even being on a much higher rated show, she would have been thrown off television. Will Fake News NBC allow a McCarthy style Racist to continue? ABC fired Roseanne. Watch the double standard!

Bad actress Debra The Mess Messing is in hot water. She wants to create a Blacklist of Trump supporters, &amp; is being accused of McCarthyism. Is also being accused of being a Racist because of the terrible things she said about blacks and mental illness. If Roseanne Barr

In the early days of the hurricane, when it was predicted that Dorian would go through Miami or West Palm Beach, even before it reached the Bahamas, certain models strongly suggested that Alabama &amp; Georgia would be hit as it made its way through Florida &amp; to the Gulf

Instead it turned North and went up the coast, where it continues now. In the one model through Florida, the Great State of Alabama would have been hit or grazed. In the path it took, no. Read my FULL FEMA statement. What I said was accurate! All Fake News in order to demean!

Thank you Rad - looking great!

Thank you Terrence. Best Employment Numbers In History for African Americans!

Absolutely nothing is more important than going back &amp; getting to the bottom of the origins of the investigation. We had an administration using Americas Spying Apparatus to spy on a political opponent at the height of a presidential election. Those are all known, undisputed

facts, and that should terrify every American regardless of their political stripe. The idea that all of that information hasnt already been revealed shows how dastardly these people are, and how terrified they are about whats going to happen when that

information does come out. Charlie Hurt, Washington Times  @LouDobbs

This was the originally projected path of the Hurricane in its early stages. As you can see, almost all models predicted it to go through Florida also hitting Georgia and Alabama. I accept the Fake News apologies!

State Rep Greg Murphy is running for Congress in North Carolina, District 3. We really need Greg in Washington. He is great w/ the Military, our Vets, &amp; your 2A. Strong on Crime and the Border, has had my Total Endorsement for a long time. Please vote for Greg on September 10th!

1. Which country has the largest carbon emission reduction?

AMERICA!

2. Who has dumped the most carbon into the air?  
 
CHINA!

3. 91% of the worlds population are exposed to air pollution above the World Health Organizations suggested level.  
 
NONE ARE IN THE U.S.A.!

4. The U.S. now leads the world in energy production...

BUT...
 
5. Whos got the worlds cleanest and safest air and water? 

AMERICA!

6. The Democrats destructive environmental proposals will raise your energy bill and prices at the pump. 

Dont the Democrats care about fighting American poverty?

7. The badly flawed Paris Climate Agreement protects the polluters, hurts Americans, and cost a fortune. NOT ON MY WATCH!

8. I want crystal clean water and the cleanest and the purest air on the planet  weve now got that!

8 FACTS that #FakeNewsCNN will ignore in tonights Climate Forum

Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. Theyre sitting there and saying, gee, are we next? Maybe you are! Weve got to change the rules. The U.S. cant defend the world and pay for it

We cant have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries, which have long charged us big tariffs. Dont keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done. Sam Zell @JoeSquawk

The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. Youve got to be very tough, and thats what Trump is doing. Its in Chinas interest to correct, and I think well end up with a solution thats dramatically better than we have today. Frankly, I think the impact of what

U.S. Winning Trade War With China In Dollars. CNBC

We cant have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries, which have long charged us big tariffs. Dont keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done. Sam Zell @joekernencnbc

The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. Youve got to be very tough, and thats what Trump is doing. Its in Chinas interest to correct, and I think well end up with a solution thats dramatically better than we have today. Frankly, I think the impact of what

Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. Theyre sitting there and saying, gee, are we next? Maybe you are! Weve got to change the rules. The U.S. cant defend the world and pay for it

on the President of the United States. @charliekirk11 @trish_regan

To declassify is so important because if this were a Democrat President or a Democrat Candidate, that was spied on the way President Trump was spied on, this would be a scandal that would make Watergate look like nothing. Illegal spying

I am so tired of hearing the rationalization of the Left in the country because they hate Donald Trump. Inexplicably and without foundation, they choose to hate America. The Democrats have truly become the party of hate. @LouDobbs

The truth is that we have a nation that is disgusted with the FBI. We have a crisis of confidence in the number one law enforcement agency in this country (thanks Comey!). @LouDobbs Its a scandal. @AlanDersh

At the request of Senator Thom Tillis, I am getting the North Carolina Emergency Declaration completed and signed tonight. Hope you wont need it!

The U.S. may be getting a little bit lucky with respect to Hurricane Dorian, but please dont let down your guard. As it heads up the coast, lots of very bad and unpredictable things can happen! On the other hand, the Bahamas have been devastated. We are sending crews to help!

@NHC_Atlantic

The incompetent Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours, or travel for weeks. Me, I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on

knife crime, which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!

Based on the IG Report, the whole Witch Hunt against me and my administration was a giant and illegal SCAM. The House of Representatives should now get back to work on drug prices, healthcare, infrastructure and all else. The Mueller Report showed No Collusion, No Obstruction!

The incompetent Mayor of London, Sadique Kahn, was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours, or travel for weeks. Me, I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on

knife crime, which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!

Germany, and so many other countries, have negative interest rates, they get paid for loaning money, and our Federal Reserve fails to act! Remember, these are also our weak currency competitors!

For all of the geniuses out there, many who have been in other administrations and taken to the cleaners by China, that want me to get together with the EU and others to go after China Trade practices remember, the EU &amp; all treat us VERY unfairly on Trade also. Will change!

We are doing very well in our negotiations with China. While I am sure they would love to be dealing with a new administration so they could continue their practice of ripoff USA($600 B/year),16 months PLUS is a long time to be hemorrhaging jobs and companies on a long-shot

And then, think what happens to China when I win. Deal would get MUCH TOUGHER! In the meantime, Chinas Supply Chain will crumble and businesses, jobs and money will be gone!

Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs, a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a

Trade Agreement. @business @ChuckGrassley @joniernst @SenatorFischer @BenSasse Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E-15, year round. Big additional list to be submitted &amp; approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol, and we save our small refineries!

Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter @jonkarl of @ABCWorldNews. I suggested yesterday at FEMA that, along with Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina, even Alabama could possibly come into play, which WAS true. They made a big deal about this

when in fact, under certain original scenarios, it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some hurt. Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didnt play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!

Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter @jonathancarl of @ABCWorldNews. I suggested yesterday at FEMA that, along with Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina, even Alabama could possibly come into play, which WAS true. They made a big deal about this

when in fact, under certain original scenarios, it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some hurt. Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didnt play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!

Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs, a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a

Trade Agreement. @business @ChuckGrassley @joniernst  @debfisher @BenSasse Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E-15, year round. Big additional list to be submitted and approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol, and we save our small refineries!

The good news is that we are winning. Our real opponent is not the Democrats, or the dwindling number of Republicans that lost their way and got left behind, our primary opponent is the Fake News Media. In the history of our Country, they have never been so bad!

The LameStream Media has gone totally CRAZY! They write whatever they want, seldom have sources (even though they say they do), never do fact checking anymore, and are only looking for the kill. They take good news and make it bad. They are now beyond Fake, they are Corrupt

The Amazon Washington Post did a story that I brought racist attacks against the Squad. No, they brought racist attacks against our Nation. All I do is call them out for the horrible things they have said. The Democrats have become the Party of the Squad!

Average hourly wages growth has far outpaced what we saw with President Obama. Across all industries, from mining and construction, to leisure &amp; hospitality, With President Trump we see income growth in states like Iowa, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Nevada, Florida,

swing states that went to Trump in 2016 because he promised not to forget about them like the establishment had done for decades, and their trust in President Trump, paid off as they saw their incomes rise...And its the lowest paid workers who have gained the most with

Trump Economics. With President Trump, Tariffs are bringing companies back to the USA like he said they would! @SteveHiltonx

The last three years of Trump policy have finally brought real hope and real change. Unemployment this year hit a 50 year low. With President Trump weve seen the lowest EVER African American and Hispanic unemployment. The booming Trump Economy has pushed up workers wages

They are liars, and in my opinion, TRAITORS! @LouDobbs talking about Comey and his dwindling group of friends

Just watched AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka on @FoxNews and thought to myself how different he is on TV than he is when he is with me at the White House. Likes what we are doing until the cameras go on. We got robbed on Trade and everything else while his Dems just sat back

and watched. NAFTA is the worst Trade Deal ever made - terrible for labor - and Richard let it stand. No wonder unions are losing so much. The workers will vote for me in 2020 (lowest unemployment, most jobs ever), and should stop paying exorbitant $Dues, not worth it!

Since my election, many trillions of dollars of worth has been created for our Country, and the Stock Market is up over 50%. If you followed the advice of the Failing New York Times columnist, Paul Krugman, youd be doing VERY poorly - youd be angry and hurt. He never got it!

When you put everything together, the pro growth Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, help to retrain workers, the Tariffs which encourage manufacturers to come back to America, along with President Trumps tough approach on immigration (strong stance on illegals, promoting Merit Based), it

adds up to the most ambitious Pro-Worker policy agenda this Country has ever seen. The President promised Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, and that is exactly what he is delivering. @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC @FoxNews

this (Judge Thomas Ambro, Majotity Opinion), and thank God for a President like Donald J. Trump, who will appoint judges like this. He will soon have appointed 180 new Federal Judges, not even including two great new Supreme Court Justices. @robertjeffress @LouDobbs

We hold that legislative prayer is government speech not open to attack via those channels. Third Circuit, Court of Appeals. Lou, thats why this next Election is so important, the soul of America. They want to take religion out of American lives. Thank God for judges like

Pray for the people in the Bahamas. Being hit like never before, Category 5.  Almost 200 MPH winds

Great job by Texas Law Enforcement and First Responders in handling the terrible shooting tragedy yesterday. Thank you also to the FBI, @GregAbbott_TX and all others. A very tough and sad situation!

In addition to Florida - South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama, will most likely be hit (much) harder than anticipated. Looking like one of the largest hurricanes ever. Already category 5. BE CAREFUL! GOD BLESS EVERYONE!

This is only the beginning!

I have not forgotten that when it was announced that I was going to do The Apprentice, and when it then became a big hit, helping NBCs failed lineup greatly, @DebraMessing came up to me at an Upfront &amp; profusely thanked me, even calling me Sir. How times have changed!

Comey and McCabe (and more) are Dirty Cops. Joe DiGenova

reports are coming. Comey very vulnerable. But where is the Supreme Court. Where is Justice Roberts? If you lie to a court, you should be held in contempt. So, if you abused the FISA, you must be held accountable. I hope Justice Roberts will take action. Jason Chaffetz, Fox

James Comey has been rebuked at the highest level, with much more to come. An IG Report doesnt get any stronger, calling him dangerous, insubordinate. THANK GOODNESS THAT DONALD TRUMP WAS ELECTED, BECAUSE IF HE WASNT ELECTED, THESE PEOPLE WOULD STILL BE IN POWER. Two more

is about American Freedom. Redirect the supply chain. There is no reason to buy everything from China!

Peter Morici, Economist: Tariffs will not impact American consumers that much because the Chinese currency has gone down, which gives our importers a discount. Importers can find suppliers outside of China. Absolutely worth it, we dont want to be servants to the Chinese! This

Just briefed by Attorney General Barr about the shootings in Texas. FBI and Law Enforcement is fully engaged. More to follow

The vindication belongs to the President for firing James Comey. It was clearly the right thing to do. You dont want an FBI Director with Jim Comeys ethics. Jason Riley, Wall Street Journal

Enjoy the low gas prices over the Labor Day weekend! My energy policies have made America energy independent while keeping prices low, just like a Tax Cut. The Democrats green policies will raise your price of gas!

but now we are moving forward like never before. We are winning again, and we are respected again!

Being scolded by failed former Intelligence officials, like James Clapper, on my condolences to Iran on their failed Rocket launch. Sadly for the United States, guys like him, Comey, and the even dumber John Brennan, dont have a clue. They really set our Country back,

Just watched Congresswoman Debbie Dingell, and many other Democrats, wanting to give up on our very successful Trade battle with China, which has had its worst Economic year in memory (and getting worse). We are taking in $Billions. Will be big for Farmers and ALL!

Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President, me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one show on Cable Television!

Dan will be GREAT!

Looking like our great South Carolina could get hit MUCH harder than first thought. Georgia and North Carolina also. Its moving around and very hard to predict, except that it is one of the biggest and strongest (and really wide) that we have seen in decades. Be safe!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, which is happening, and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

I was right about Comey, CROOKED COP!

A great team, working hard!

Yes, I am currently suing various people for violating their confidentiality agreements. Disgusting and foul mouthed Omarosa is one. I gave her every break, despite the fact that she was despised by everyone, and she went for some cheap money from a book. Numerous others also!

While Madeleine Westerhout has a fully enforceable confidentiality agreement, she is a very good person and I dont think there would ever be reason to use it. She called me yesterday to apologize, had a bad night. I fully understood and forgave her! I love Tiffany, doing great!

Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President, me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one shoe on Cable Television!

The IG found that James Comey leaked Classified Documents to his attorneys, which can be (is) a violation of the Espionage Act. This is consistent with all the lies that Comey has been spreading. @GreggJarrett  @ByronYork @LouDobbs

Cory is doing a Great job for Colorado!

Nobody knows more about Healthcare than John. Great guy!

An amazing guy, respected by all!

Nobody works harder or smarter than Joni!

One of the greats!

Great job Thom!

Thank you Kevin. Great things are happening at the Border!

I am monitoring Hurricane Dorian and receiving frequent briefings and updates. It is important to heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. This is an extremely dangerous storm, please prepare and be safe! @FEMA @NWS @NOAA @Readygov @FLSERT

They could have charged Comey with theft of government documents, 641 of the Criminal Code, because the IG found these were not his personal documents, these were government documents. @GreggJarrett  Comeys claim that these were just his own personal recollections would not

pass the laugh test, and the Inspector General just knocked that down. @ByronYork  @LouDobbs

Just arrived at Camp David!

The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional (Ninth) race. Please vote early (now), or on Election Day, September 10th, for Dan Bishop, a great guy. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities &amp; is weak on Crime, Military &amp; Vets!

This should NEVER happen to another President again!

FALLOUT FROM IGS SCATHING COMEY REPORT

One of the most disgraceful examples of an abuse of power by a government officialwhen you read this reportthis is a systematic effort to go after Candidate Trump, President Elect-Trump, and President Trump....you could virtually call this an attempted coup. @RepPeteKing

Thanks @RepDougCollins - TRUE!

The United States of America was not involved in the catastrophic accident during final launch preparations for the Safir SLV Launch at Semnan Launch Site One in Iran. I wish Iran best wishes and good luck in determining what happened at Site One

If the Fed would cut, we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time. Badly run and weak companies are smartly blaming these small Tariffs instead of themselves for bad management...and who can really blame them for doing that? Excuses!

The Euro is dropping against the Dollar like crazy, giving them a big export and manufacturing advantage...and the Fed does NOTHING! Our Dollar is now the strongest in history. Sounds good, doesnt it? Except to those (manufacturers) that make product for sale outside the U.S

We dont have a Tariff problem (we are reigning in bad and/or unfair players), we have a Fed problem. They dont have a clue!

Bryan Dean Wright, former CIA Officer(Dem): In 2016 we had a Coup. We have to take Comey and others to task. Makes no sense not to prosecute him. Comey got a book deal. I fear for my Country. He tried to kneecap our duly elected president, and there are no consequences. @fox&amp;Fs

The fact that James Comey was not prosecuted for the absolutely horrible things he did just shows how fair and reasonable Attorney General Bill Barr is. So many people and experts that I have watched and read would have taken an entirely different course. Comey got Lucky!

The disastrous IG Report on James Comey shows, in the strongest of terms, how unfairly I, and tens of millions of great people who support me, were treated. Our rights and liberties were illegally stripped away by this dishonest fool. We should be given our stolen time back?

An idea liked by many?

General Motors, which was once the Giant of Detroit, is now one of the smallest auto manufacturers there. They moved major plants to China, BEFORE I CAME INTO OFFICE. This was done despite the saving help given them by the USA. Now they should start moving back to America again?

Establishment of the U.S. Space Command!

Perhaps never in the history of our Country has someone been more thoroughly disgraced and excoriated than James Comey in the just released Inspector Generals Report. He should be ashamed of himself!

The Farmers are going to be so happy when they see what we are doing for Ethanol, not even including the E-15, year around, which is already done. It will be a giant package, get ready! At the same time I was able to save the small refineries from certain closing. Great for all!

The Economy is doing GREAT, with tremendous upside potential! If the Fed would do what they should, we are a Rocket upward!

The totally inaccurate reporting by Lawrence ODonnell, for which he has been forced by NBC to apologize, is NO DIFFERENT than the horrible, corrupt and fraudulent Fake News that I (and many millions of GREAT supporters) have had to put up with for years. So bad for the USA!

Crazy Lawrence ODonnell, who has been calling me wrong from even before I announced my run for the Presidency, even being previously forced by NBC to apologize, which he did while crying, for things he said about me &amp; The Apprentice, was again forced to apologize, this time

for the most ridiculous claim of all, that Russia, Russia, Russia, or Russian oligarchs, co-signed loan documents for me, a guarantee. Totally false, as is virtually everything else he, and much of the rest of the LameStream Media, has said about me for years. ALL APOLOGIZE!

Hurricane Dorian looks like it will be hitting Florida late Sunday night. Be prepared and please follow State and Federal instructions, it will be a very big Hurricane, perhaps one of the biggest!

Puerto Rico is in great shape with Hurricane Dorian taking a largely different route than anticipated. Thank you to FEMA, first responders, and all, for working so hard &amp; being so well prepared. A great result! The bad news, Florida get ready! Storm is building and will be BIG!

There has never been a time in the history of our Country that the Media was so Fraudulent, Fake, or Corrupt! When the Age of Trump is looked back on many years from now, I only hope that a big part of my legacy will be the exposing of massive dishonesty in the Fake News!

The  Amazon Washington Post and @CNN just did a Fake Interview on Pardons for Aids on the Wall, and that I didnt think the Wall on the Southern Border was that important to stop Illegals wanting to come into our Country. WRONG, vitally important. Will make a BIG impact. So bad!

A sad day for the Democrats, Kirsten Gillibrand has dropped out of the Presidential Primary. Im glad they never found out that she was the one I was really afraid of!

Thank you for the support as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Another totally Fake story in the Amazon Washington Post (lobbyist) which states that if my Aides broke the law to build the Wall (which is going up rapidly), I would give them a Pardon. This was made up by the Washington Post only in order to demean and disparage - FAKE NEWS!

The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress, and elsewhere!

Puerto Rico is one of the most corrupt places on earth. Their political system is broken and their politicians are either Incompetent or Corrupt. Congress approved Billions of Dollars last time, more than anyplace else has ever gotten, and it is sent to Crooked Pols. No good!

And by the way, Im the best thing thats ever happened to Puerto Rico!

Our Federal Reserve cannot mentally keep up with the competition - other countries. At the G-7 in France, all of the other Leaders were giddy about how low their Interest Costs have gone. Germany is actually getting paid to borrow money - ZERO INTEREST PLUS! No Clue Fed!

I dont want to Win for myself, I only want to Win for the people. The New @FoxNews is letting millions of GREAT people down! We have to start looking for a new News Outlet. Fox isnt working for us anymore!

Just watched @FoxNews heavily promoting the Democrats through their DNC Communications Director, spewing out whatever she wanted with zero pushback by anchor, @SandraSmithFox. Terrible considering that Fox couldnt even land a debate, the Dems give them NOTHING! @CNN &amp; @MSNBC

are all in for the Open Border Socialists (or beyond). Fox hires give Hillary the questions @donnabrazile, Juan Williams and low ratings Shep Smith. HOPELESS &amp; CLUELESS! They should go all the way LEFT and I will still find a way to Win - Thats what I do, Win. Too Bad!

Would be very hard for Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of Britains Labour Party, to seek a no-confidence vote against New Prime Minister Boris Johnson, especially in light of the fact that Boris is exactly what the U.K. has been looking for, &amp; will prove to be a great one! Love U.K

We are tracking closely tropical storm Dorian as it heads, as usual, to Puerto Rico. FEMA and all others are ready,  and will do a great job. When they do, let them know it, and give them a big Thank You - Not like last time. That includes from the incompetent Mayor of San Juan!

So interesting to read and see all of the free and interesting advice I am getting on China, from people who have tried to handle it before and failed miserably - In fact, they got taken to the cleaners. We are doing very well with China. This has never happened to them before!

The infestation of bedbugs at The New York Times office @OANN  was perhaps brought in by lightweight journalist Bret Stephens, a Conservative who does anything that his bosses at the paper tell him to do! He is now quitting Twitter after being called a bedbug. Tough guy!

A made up Radical Left Story about Doral bedbugs, but Bret Stephens is loaded up with them! Been calling me wrong for years, along with the few remaining Never Trumpers - All Losers!

Can you believe it? Im at 94% approval in the Republican Party, and have Three Stooges running against me. One is Mr. Appalachian Trail who was actually in Argentina for bad reasons

Another is a one-time BAD Congressman from Illinois who lost in his second term by a landslide, then failed in radio. The third is a man who couldnt stand up straight while receiving an award. I should be able to take them!

Can you believe it? Im at 94% approval in the Republican Party, and have Three Stooges running against me. One is Mr. 
Appalachian Trail who was actually in Argentina for bad reasons

Axios (whatever that is) sat back and said GEEEEE, lets see, what can we make up today to embarrass the President? Then they said, why dont we say he wants to bomb a hurricane, that should do it! The media in our Country is totally out of control!

They do stories so big on Elizabeth Pocahontas Warrens crowd sizes, adding many more people than are actually there, and yet my crowds, which are far bigger, get no coverage at all. Fake News!

It is amazing that I can be at 51% with Zogby when the Fake &amp; Corrupt News is almost 100% against me. Great job Mr. President!

The G7 in France was so successful, and yet when I came back and read the Corrupt and Fake News, and watched numerous networks, it was not even recognizable from what actually took place at the Great G7 event!

Looking forward to being with Dan Bishop in two weeks, in North Carolina. His opponent believes in Open Borders and Sanctuary Cities, and wont protect your Second Amendment!

@JudgeJeanine Pirro is following up her #1 Best Seller with another book that is destined to also be #1  Radicals, Resistance, and Revenge: The Lefts Plot to Remake America. Out today, go get it!

The Federal Reserve loves watching our manufacturers struggle with their exports to the benefit of other parts of the world. Has anyone looked at what almost all other countries are doing to take advantage of the good old USA? Our Fed has been calling it wrong for too long!

100% Confirmed!

Wow! Yet another big storm heading to Puerto Rico. Will it ever end? Congress approved 92 Billion Dollars for Puerto Rico last year, an all time record of its kind for anywhere

The G-7 was a great success for the USA and all. LameStream Media coverage bore NO relationship to what actually happened in France - FAKE NEWS. It was GREAT!

No bedbugs at Doral. The Radical Left Democrats, upon hearing that the perfectly located (for the next G-7) Doral National MIAMI was under consideration for the next G-7, spread that false and nasty rumor. Not nice!

Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic, Giuseppe Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7. Loves his Country greatly &amp; works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!

I have gotten to know President @jairbolsonaro well in our dealings with Brazil. He is working very hard on the Amazon fires and in all respects doing a great job for the people of Brazil - Not easy. He and his country have the full and complete support of the USA!

Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic, Giuseppi Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7. Loves his Country greatly &amp; works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!

Just returned to Washington from France and the very successful G-7, only to find that the Fake News is still trying to perpetuate the phony story that I wanted to use Nuclear weapons to blow up hurricanes before they reach shore. This is so ridiculous, never happened!

Thank you Mark!

I agree 100%!

THANK YOU FRANCE
#G7Biarritz

Just wrapped up a great meeting with my friend Prime Minister @NarendraModi of India at the #G7Summit in Biarritz, France!

Very productive meeting with Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany, at the #G7Summit in Biarritz, France!

Great respect for the fact that President Xi &amp; his Representatives want calm resolution. So impressed that they are willing to come out &amp; state the facts so accurately. This is why he is a great leader &amp; representing a great country. Talks are continuing!

The story by Axios that President Trump wanted to blow up large hurricanes with nuclear weapons prior to reaching shore is ridiculous. I never said this. Just more FAKE NEWS!

Great meeting this morning with President @AlsisiOfficial of Egypt at the Htel du Palais in Biarritz, France! #G7Summit

All Trump Haters and Lovers must watch. Thank you Steve Hilton!

Thank you Katie!

@SteveHiltonx The Democrats statements about Donald Trump are lies. Here are the Facts. I will soon be posting the entire segment. Too much positive news, too many good things, to Tweet. PLEASE BE SURE TO WATCH! Thank you Steve Hilton for being a real pro and not being afraid!

Congratulations to Louisianas Champions. See you at the White House!

My Stock Market gains must be judged from the day after the Election, November 9, 2016, where the Market went up big after the win, and because of the win. Had my opponent won, CRASH!

No, we actually had a very good and productive meeting. Nice!

In France we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the U.S. reporting of events and conversations at the G-7 is. These Leaders, and many others, are getting a major case study of Fake News at its finest! Theyve got it all wrong, from Iran, to China Tariffs, to Boris!

A disgrace!

Great meetings at the @G7 in Biarritz, France! #G7Biarritz

Thank you Eric. So true!

USMCA, make it bipartisan. Everybody wants it!

Jesse &amp; Emma, Great News. Congratulations!!!!!

Happy Birthday Vince!

The question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders, who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than ever before, happens to be, Mr. President, why does the American media hate your Country so much? Why are they rooting for it to fail?

Big Trade Deal just agreed to with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Will be great for our Farmers, Ranchers and more. Really big Corn purchase!

So @donnabrazile gives Crooked Hillary the Questions, and now shes on @FoxNews!

Rasmussen at 50%. @MediaBuzzFNC &amp; @FoxNews are only getting worse! Now @donnabrazile &amp; others on Fox. Not what it used to be!

Happy Birthday Regis, a truly special man!

Happy Birthday Sean!

Great working breakfast this morning with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson at the Htel du Palais in Biarritz, France! #G7Biarritz

Such False and Inaccurate reporting thus far on the G-7. The Fake News knows this but they cant help themselves! Leaving now to have breakfast with Boris J

bad Economic times, the worse the better, anything to make my Election more difficult to win. Well, we are having very good meetings, the Leaders are getting along very well, and our Country, economically, is doing great - the talk of the world!

Before I arrived in France, the Fake and Disgusting News was saying that relations with the 6 others countries in the G-7 are very tense, and that the two days of meetings will be a disaster. Just like they are trying to force a Recession, they are trying to will America into

The Media is destroying the Free Press! Mark Levin. So True!

Thank you both. Sooo nice!

France and President @EmmanuelMacron have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7. Lunch with Emmanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise, evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!

Our great Economy is the talk of everyone!

France and President @EmanuelMacrone have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7. Lunch with Emanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise, evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!

North Carolina Governor Cooper Vetoed a Bill that would have required Sheriffs to cooperate with Ice. This is a terrible decision for the great people of North Carolina. He should reverse his decision and get back to the basics of fighting crime!

Looking forward to helping New York City and Governor @andrewcuomo complete the long anticipated, and partially built, Second Avenue Subway. Would be extended to East 125th Street in Harlem. Long in the making, they now have the team that can get it done!

Just had lunch with French President @EmmanuelMacron. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!

Face It, You Probably Got A Tax Cut! This was a New York Times headline, and it is very true. If Republicans take back the House, and keep the Senate and Presidency, one of our first acts will be to approve a major middle income Tax Cut! Democrats only want to raise your taxes!

Just had lunch with French President @EmanuelMacrone. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!

When I looked up to the sky and jokingly said I am the chosen one, at a press conference two days ago, referring to taking on Trade with China, little did I realize that the media would claim that I had a Messiah complex. They knew I was kidding, being sarcastic, and just

having fun. I was smiling as I looked up and around. The MANY reporters with me were smiling also. They knew the TRUTH...And yet when I saw the reporting, CNN, MSNBC and other Fake News outlets covered it as serious news &amp; me thinking of myself as the Messiah. No more trust!

For all of the Fake News Reporters that dont have a clue as to what the law is relative to Presidential powers, China, etc., try looking at the Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977. Case closed!

Such a sad and pathetic fall for @CNN and Jeff Z!

Other good polls also in fifties, despite only Fake News, and then phony polls by A.P., CNN, NBC and, as always, Fox, who were WAY OFF on 2016 Election!

Disgraceful!

Thank you Ivanka. Really Amazing!

Looking forward to being with great leaders in France! Leaving soon

Highest Condolences! Thank you V.P

Great going Harris!

Great! He said MAGA country did it. So terrible!

Thank you to @DiamondandSilk for the really nice words and thoughts on @LouDobbs, tonight hosted by Lous friend, @DavidAsmanfox. Great job by all. P.S. Check out these two great women on tour tomorrow night in NYC at the Marriott Marquis Hotel, Broadway. Have fun!

Just spoke with President @JairBolsonaro of Brazil. Our future Trade prospects are very exciting and our relationship is strong, perhaps stronger than ever before. I told him if the United States can help with the Amazon Rainforest fires, we stand ready to assist!

unfair Trading Relationship. China should not have put new Tariffs on 75 BILLION DOLLARS of United States product (politically motivated!). Starting on October 1st, the 250 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China, currently being taxed at 25%, will be taxed at 30%

Additionally, the remaining 300 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China, that was being taxed from September 1st at 10%, will now be taxed at 15%. Thank you for your attention to this matter!

For many years China (and many other countries) has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade, Intellectual Property Theft, and much more. Our Country has been losing HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year to China, with no end in sight

Sadly, past Administrations have allowed China to get so far ahead of Fair and Balanced Trade that it has become a great burden to the American Taxpayer. As President, I can no longer allow this to happen! In the spirit of achieving Fair Trade, we must Balance this very

The Dow is down 573 points perhaps on the news that Representative Seth Moulton, whoever that may be, has dropped out of the 2020 Presidential Race!

all deliveries of Fentanyl from China (or anywhere else!). Fentanyl kills 100,000 Americans a year. President Xi said this would stop - it didnt. Our Economy, because of our gains in the last 2 1/2 years, is MUCH larger than that of China. We will keep it that way!

better off without them. The vast amounts of money made and stolen by China from the United States, year after year, for decades, will and must STOP. Our great American companies are hereby ordered to immediately start looking for an alternative to China, including bringing

your companies HOME and making your products in the USA. I will be responding to Chinas Tariffs this afternoon. This is a GREAT opportunity for the United States. Also, I am ordering all carriers, including Fed Ex, Amazon, UPS and the Post Office, to SEARCH FOR &amp; REFUSE,

Our Country has lost, stupidly, Trillions of Dollars with China over many years. They have stolen our Intellectual Property at a rate of Hundreds of Billions of Dollars a year, &amp; they want to continue. I wont let that happen! We dont need China and, frankly, would be far

As usual, the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can speak without knowing or asking what I am doing, which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work brilliantly with both, and the U.S. will do great

My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powell or Chairman Xi?

My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powel or Chairman Xi?

As usual, the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can speak without knowing or asking what I am doing, which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work brilliantly with both, and the U.S. will do great

Now the Fed can show their stuff!

This despite the Fake News and Polls!

The Economy is strong and good, whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well. Despite this the Fake News Media, together with their Partner, the Democrat Party, are working overtime to convince people that we are in, or will soon be going into, a Recession. They are

willing to lose their wealth, or a big part of it, just for the possibility of winning the Election. But it wont work because I always find a way to win, especially for the people! The greatest political movement in the history of our Country will have another big win in 2020!

94% Approval Rating within the  Republican Party. Thank you!

Happy birthday James!

@SenCoryGardner has done a fantastic job representing the people of Colorado. He really knows how to win. Strong on Crime, Borders &amp; the 2nd A, Cory fights hard for our Military &amp; Vets. John Hickenlooper is badly damaged after his horrible run for President. Big Primary trouble!

Congratulations to the GREAT Bob Cousy!

Looking forward to soon being in North Carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful Dan Bishop, who is running for Congress. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities, and Socialism. He likes the Squad more than North Carolina. Dan has my Full and Complete Endorsement!

Check out a FANTASTIC new book, STILL WINNING  Why America Went All In On Donald Trump-And Why We Must Do It Again by the great writer, @CharlesHurt. An excellent read. Thank you!

I am hopeful Congress will engage with my Team to pass meaningful legislation that will make a real difference and, most importantly, Save Lives!

Just concluded a very good meeting on preventing Mass Shootings. Talks are ongoing w/ both Republicans &amp; Democrats. We are likewise engaging with lawful gun owners, survivors, grieving family members, law enforcement, the NRA, mental health professionals, and school officials

Just heard that Sean Spicer will be on Dancing with the Stars. He will do great. A terrific person who loves our Country dearly!

The Economy is doing really well. The Federal Reserve can easily make it Record Setting! The question is being asked, why are we paying much more in interest than Germany and certain other countries? Be early (for a change), not late. Let America win big, rather than just win!

Germany sells 30 year bonds offering negative yields. Germany competes with the USA. Our Federal Reserve does not allow us to do what we must do. They put us at a disadvantage against our competition. Strong Dollar, No Inflation! They move like quicksand. Fight or go home!

Thank you @RealWayneRoot!

It was my honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum facilitating the cancellation of student loan debt for 25K of our most severely disabled Veterans. With todays order, we express the everlasting love &amp; loyalty of a truly grateful Nation. God bless our Vets, &amp; God Bless America!

Great! @LouDobbs interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M.  @FoxNews

that when this Administrations alternative is no longer available, California will squeeze them to a point of business ruin. Only reason California is now talking to them is because the Feds are giving a far better alternative, which is much better for consumers!

Henry Ford would be very disappointed if he saw his modern-day descendants wanting to build a much more expensive car, that is far less safe and doesnt work as well, because execs dont want to fight California regulators. Car companies should know

The Legendary Henry Ford and Alfred P. Sloan, the Founders of Ford Motor Company and General Motors, are rolling over at the weakness of current car company executives willing to spend more money on a car that is not as safe or good, and cost $3,000 more to consumers. Crazy!

Tax cuts, deregulation, and an Administration dedicated to growing business have allowed the U.S. economy to flourish. The resulting surge in job creation and record low unemployment has put the American worker in the drivers seat. @SecretaryRoss

@NATO, very unfair to the United States!

Because of me, these countries have agreed to pay ONE HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS more - but still way short of what they should pay for the incredible military protection provided. Sorry!

For the record, Denmark is only at 1.35% of GDP for NATO spending. They are a wealthy country and should be at 2%. We protect Europe and yet, only 8 of the 28 NATO countries are at the 2% mark. The United States is at a much, much higher level than that

On my way to the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky to deliver remarks at the @AMVETSHQ 75th Annual National Convention. Look forward to being with all of my friends! #AMVETS75th

So Germany is paying Zero interest and is actually being paid to borrow money, while the U.S., a far stronger and more important credit, is paying interest and just stopped (I hope!) Quantitative Tightening. Strongest Dollar in History, very tough on exports. No Inflation!

WHERE IS THE FEDERAL RESERVE?

My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3000, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Very little impact on the environment! Foolish executives!

Doing great with China and other Trade Deals. The only problem we have is Jay Powell and the Fed. Hes like a golfer who cant putt, has no touch. Big U.S. growth if he does the right thing, BIG CUT - but dont count on him! So far he has called it wrong, and only let us down

We are competing with many countries that have a far lower interest rate, and we should be lower than them. Yesterday, highest Dollar in U.S.History. No inflation. Wake up Federal Reserve. Such growth potential, almost like never before!

The Fake News LameStream Media is doing everything possible the create a U.S. recession, even though the numbers &amp; facts are working totally in the opposite direction. They would be willing to hurt many people, but that doesnt matter to them. Our Economy is sooo strong, sorry!

The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve. @cvpayne  @foxandfriends  So true!

The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve. @CharlesPayne2nd  @foxandfriends  So true!

Rep Tlaib wants to cut off aid to Israel. This is the new face the of Democrat Party? Read the AOC PLUS 3 statements on their hatred of Jews and Israel. Check out Rep. Omar (the great people of Minnesota wont stand for this)

Brandon Judd, President, National Border Patrol Council. This will effectively end Catch and Release and curb illegal entries

Thank you to Wayne Allyn Root for the very nice words. President Trump is the greatest President for Jews and for Israel in the history of the world, not just America, he is the best President for Israel in the history of the world...and the Jewish people in Israel love him

like hes the King of Israel. They love him like he is the second coming of God...But American Jews dont know him or like him. They dont even know what theyre doing or saying anymore. It makes no sense! But thats OK, if he keeps doing what hes doing, hes good for

all Jews, Blacks, Gays, everyone. And importantly, hes good for everyone in America who wants a job. Wow!  @newsmax  @foxandfriends @OANN

The Prime Minister was able to save a great deal of expense and effort for both the United States and Denmark by being so direct. I thank her for that and look forward to rescheduling sometime in the future!

Denmark is a very special country with incredible people, but based on Prime Minister Mette Frederiksens comments, that she would have no interest in discussing the purchase of Greenland, I will be postponing our meeting scheduled in two weeks for another time

CONGRATULATIONS @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump, on the birth of Carolina Dorothy Trump. So proud!

Sorry, I dont buy Rep. Tlaibs tears. I have watched her violence, craziness and, most importantly, WORDS, for far too long. Now tears? She hates Israel and all Jewish people. She is an anti-Semite. She and her 3 friends are the new face of the Democrat Party. Live with it!

The LameStream Media is far beyond Fake News, they are treading in very dangerous territory!

Thank you!

Just another disgruntled former employee who got fired for gross incompetence!

Ratings are way down, lost all credibility. Beautiful to watch!

Maria, despite all of their will and energy, it wont work!

Thank you Mike!

Two incredible people. I cant believe theyre not working (few work harder)!

The Fake and Corrupt Media is sooo bad for our Country, The Enemy of the People!

Congratulations, Great Show!

Thank you Jon, working hard!

Nobody ever heard of this dope until he met me. He only lasted 11 days!

I promise not to do this to Greenland!

Thank you to my great supporters at the 2019 @IowaStateFair!

Great discussion with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson today. We talked about Brexit and how we can move rapidly on a US-UK free trade deal. I look forward to meeting with Boris this weekend, at the @G7, in France!

Spoke to my two good friends, Prime Minister Modi of India, and Prime Minister Khan of Pakistan, regarding Trade, Strategic Partnerships and, most importantly, for India and Pakistan to work towards reducing tensions in Kashmir. A tough situation, but good conversations!

THANK YOU! #MAGA

Massive overflow crowds in New Hampshire last week. Couldnt get into packed SNHU Arena. Fake and Corrupt News would like you to believe otherwise. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Wow, Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election! This was put out by a Clinton supporter, not a Trump Supporter! Google should be sued. My victory was even bigger than thought! @JudicialWatch

Our Economy is very strong, despite the horrendous lack of vision by Jay Powell and the Fed, but the Democrats are trying to will the Economy to be bad for purposes of the 2020 Election.  Very Selfish! Our dollar is so strong that it is sadly hurting other parts of the world

The Fed Rate, over a fairly short period of time, should be reduced by at least 100 basis points, with perhaps some quantitative easing as well. If that happened, our Economy would be even better, and the World Economy would be greatly and quickly enhanced-good for everyone!

Democrats want Open Borders and Crime! So dangerous for our Country. But we are building a big, beautiful, NEW Wall! I will protect America, the Dems dont know where to start!

Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable nut job who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellacked, &amp; then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself, bad on TV. Abused staff,

got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy, something big was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didnt want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!

Great cohesion inside the Republican Party, the best I have ever seen. Despite all of the Fake News, my Poll Numbers are great. New internal polls show them to be the strongest weve had so far! Think what theyd be if I got fair media coverage!

got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy, something big was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didnt want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!

Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable nut job who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellaced, and then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself, bad on TV. Abused staff,

The New York Times will be out of business soon after I leave office, hopefully in 6 years. They have Zero credibility and are losing a fortune, even now, especially after their massive unfunded liability. Im fairly certain theyll endorse me just to keep it all going!

Thank you @TedCruz, I couldnt agree more!

House Democrats want to take action against Israel because it is fighting back against two (maybe four) people that have said unthinkably bad things about it &amp; the Israeli people. Dems have such disdain for Israel! What happened? AOC Plus 4 is the new face of the Democrat Party!

Our economy is the best in the world, by far. Lowest unemployment ever within almost all categories. Poised for big growth after trade deals are completed. Import prices down, China eating Tariffs. Helping targeted Farmers from big Tariff money coming in. Great future for USA!

Juan Williams at @FoxNews is so pathetic, and yet when he met me in the Fox Building lobby, he couldnt have been nicer as he asked me to take a picture of him and me for his family. Yet he is always nasty and wrong!

We are doing very well with China, and talking!

Doing really well!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

With all that this Administration has accomplished, think what my Poll Numbers would be if we had an honest Media, which we do not!

Journalism has reached a new low in the history of our Country. It is nothing more than an evil propaganda machine for the Democrat Party. The reporting is so false, biased and evil that it has now become a very sick joke...But the public is aware! #CROOKEDJOURNALISM

The Failing New York Times, in one of the most devastating portrayals of bad journalism in history, got caught by a leaker that they are shifting  from their Phony Russian Collusion Narrative (the Mueller Report &amp; his testimony were a total disaster), to a Racism Witch Hunt

Such a disgrace at the once great @nytimes!

Thank you!

The Fake News Media HATES to see this!

Thank you to @SaraCarterDC. A great and legitimate reporter, as opposed to those at the Failing New York Times!

Major consideration is being given to naming ANTIFA an ORGANIZATION OF TERROR. Portland is being watched very closely. Hopefully the Mayor will be able to properly do his job!

Biggest crowd EVER, according to Arena people. Thousands outside trying to get in. Place was packed! Radical Left Dems &amp; their Partner, LameStream Media, saying Arena empty. Check out pictures. Fake News. The Enemy of the People!

Look at the tremendous overflow at packed arena in New Hampshire last night. Sorry we couldnt get you in, will be back soon!

Great time in New Hampshire last night. Placed was maxed out, totally packed, with thousands coming to the arena floor at start. Thousands more outside that were not allowed in per code. Energy was really great to see. We will win New Hampshire in 2020!

Having dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. They will be spending vast sums of money in the U.S. Great!

Just completed a very good meeting on Afghanistan. Many on the opposite side of this 19 year war, and us, are looking to make a deal - if possible!

I donate 100% of my Presidents salary, $400,000, back to our Country, and feel very good about it!

Like it or not, Tlaib and Omar are fast becoming the face of the Democrat Party. Cortez (AOC) is fuming, not happy about this!

Rep. Tlaib wrote a letter to Israeli officials desperately wanting to visit her grandmother. Permission was quickly granted, whereupon Tlaib obnoxiously turned the approval down, a complete setup. The only real winner here is Tlaibs grandmother. She doesnt have to see her now!

Israel was very respectful &amp; nice to Rep. Rashida Tlaib, allowing her permission to visit her grandmother. As soon as she was granted permission, she grandstanded &amp; loudly proclaimed she would not visit Israel. Could this possibly have been a setup? Israel acted appropriately!

Senator Jim Risch of the Great State of Idaho has been an incredible supporter of our Agenda! He is tough on Crime, Strong on Borders, and will continue to fight for our Second Amendment. Jim will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!

Congratulations to Patrick Yoes for his election as National President of the great Fraternal Order of Police. Together we will fight for our incredible Law Enforcement Officers!

Thank you to my good friend Chuck Canterbury for 16 years of service to the Fraternal Order of Police and our great men and women in blue. You are an incredible patriot!

A great evening, with incredible people, in New Hampshire!

Thank you Rudy!

Great news! Tonight, we broke the all-time attendance record previously held by Elton John at #SNHUArena in Manchester, New Hampshire!

Thank you New Hampshire. KEEP AMERICA GREAT! #KAG2020

Walmart, a great indicator as to how the U.S. is doing, just released outstanding numbers. Our Country, unlike others, is doing great! Dont let the Fake News convince you otherwise

If they dont get this Trade Deal with the U.S. done, China could have it first recession (or worse!) in years. Theres disinvestment in China right now. Also, the Fed is too tight (I agree). Steve Moore, Heritage Foundation

Sadly, much truth to this!

Andrew, thank you! We will never forgive or forget

Biden doesnt have a clue! I will solve the China problem

The Fake News Media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election. The problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on Trade, and everyone knows that, including China!

Representatives Omar and Tlaib are the face of the Democrat Party, and they HATE Israel!

Wow! The Deputy Editor of the Failing New York Times was just demoted. Should have been Fired! Totally biased and inaccurate reporting. The paper is a Fraud, Zero Credibility. Fake News takes another hit, but this time a big one!

Our Great Farmers know how important it is to win on Trade. They will be the big winners!

The United States is now, by far, the Biggest, Strongest and Most Powerful Economy in the World, it is not even close! As others falter, we will only get stronger. Consumers are in the best shape ever, plenty of cash. Business Optimism is at an All Time High!

If President Xi would meet directly and personally with the protesters, there would be a happy and enlightened ending to the Hong Kong problem. I have no doubt!

It would show great weakness if Israel allowed Rep. Omar and Rep.Tlaib to visit. They hate Israel &amp; all Jewish people, &amp; there is nothing that can be said or done to change their minds. Minnesota and Michigan will have a hard time putting them back in office. They are a disgrace!

The Philadelphia shooter should never have been allowed to be on the streets. He had a long and very dangerous criminal record. Looked like he was having a good time after his capture, and after wounding so many police. Long sentence - must get much tougher on street crime!

what they were doing. Theres plenty of indication, we dont have to speculate. @SteveDoocy Holy cow, got to read this book. @ainsleyearhardt WOW!  @foxandfriends  A very serious situation. Can never be allowed to happen again! DRAIN THE SWAMP

Go out and get Andrew McCarthys new book, Ball of Collusion. Supervision became the investigator, and when they pushed the envelope, there was nobody there to tell them NO. It goes right to the President (Obama). Plenty of information that Obama was informed &amp; knew exactly

Thank you, and the Wall is under major construction!

Two great entertainers and, more importantly, great people! Check out their show

I know President Xi of China very well. He is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people. He is also a good man in a tough business. I have ZERO doubt that if President Xi wants to quickly and humanely solve the Hong Kong problem, he can do it. Personal meeting?

Good things were stated on the call with China the other day. They are eating the Tariffs with the devaluation of their currency and pouring money into their system. The American consumer is fine with or without the September date, but much good will come from the short

deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us, but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being lost in China to other non-Tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. Of course China wants to make a deal. Let them work humanely with Hong Kong first!

Sad!

Unlike others, our economy is strong!

We are winning, big time, against China. Companies &amp; jobs are fleeing. Prices to us have not gone up, and in some cases, have come down. China is not our problem, though Hong Kong is not helping. Our problem is with the Fed. Raised too much &amp; too fast. Now too slow to cut

Spread is way too much as other countries say THANK YOU to clueless Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. Germany, and many others, are playing the game! CRAZY INVERTED YIELD CURVE! We should easily be reaping big Rewards &amp; Gains, but the Fed is holding us back. We will Win!

The Great Charles Payne @cvpayne correctly stated that Fed Chair Jay Powell made TWO enormous mistakes. 1. When he said mid cycle adjustment. 2. Were data dependent.  He did not do the right thing. I agree (to put it mildly!). @Varneyco

Tremendous amounts of money pouring into the United States. People want safety!

So far, youve had Tariffs imposed on 300 Billion Dollars worth of Chinese products, but you cant tell me that it has hurt our economy...&amp; it really hasnt led to any kind of serious rise in prices at the consumer level. @Varneyco  @FoxBusiness  And we are taking in $Billions!

The Fed has got to do something! The Fed is the Central Bank of the United States, not the Central Bank of the World. Mark Grant  @Varneyco  Correct! The Federal Reserve acted far too quickly, and now is very, very late. Too bad, so much to gain on the upside!

Join me tomorrow night in Manchester, New Hampshire at 7:00 P.M. Eastern! #KAG2020

A fighter and champion, GREAT!

Great interview of Ron Vitiello, Former Acting Ice Director, by @JesseBWatters, on @FoxNews, about all of the work that is being (&amp; has been) done on our Southern Border. Thanks Ron, terrific job! Now if only the Democrats would fix the Loopholes &amp; Asylum

Great day in the incredible Commonwealth of Pennsylvania today, with the amazing energy workers, construction workers, and craft workers who make America run  and who make America PROUD. No one in the world does it better than YOU!

No debate on Election Security should go forward without first agreeing that Voter ID (Identification) must play a very strong part in any final agreement. Without Voter ID, it is all so meaningless!

Thank you Bill!

True! Without being stuck at an airport, where CNN buys (at a big price) an uninterested audience, theyve got nothing going. @CNN is BAD for America!

It always happens! When a Conservative does even a fraction of what Chris Cuomo did with his lunatic ranting, raving, &amp; cursing, they get destroyed by the Fake News. But when a Liberal Democrat like Chris Cuomo does it, Republicans immediately come to his defense. We never learn!

See you in New Hampshire!

Just leaving. Incredible Complex. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!

So terrible!

Put it back up. We are living with a Rigged &amp; Fake Media!

Just landed in Pennsylvania. Looking forward to making a speech on energy. So important!

Our Intelligence has informed us that the Chinese Government is moving troops to the Border with Hong Kong. Everyone should be calm and safe!

Many are blaming me, and the United States, for the problems going on in Hong Kong. I cant imagine why?

ALL THE NEWS THATS NOT FIT TO PRINT! The New York Times is no longer the paper we grew up with. It is no longer a news organization. It is now an agenda driven organization out to change the Country (for the worse!). Michael Goodwin, Highly Respected New York Post Columnist

As usual, China said they were going to be buying big from our great American Farmers. So far they have not done what they said. Maybe this will be different!

Would Chris Cuomo be given a Red Flag for his recent rant? Filthy language and a total loss of control. He shouldnt be allowed to have any weapon. Hes nuts!

Thank you Steve!

Through massive devaluation of their currency and pumping vast sums of money into their system, the tens of billions of dollars that the U.S. is receiving is a gift from China. Prices not up, no inflation. Farmers getting more than China would be spending. Fake News wont report!

I thought Chris was Fredo also. The truth hurts. Totally lost it! Low ratings @CNN

Thank you John, you are a special guy!

Curt Schilling, a great pitcher and patriot, is considering a run for Congress in Arizona. Terrific!  @foxandfriends

The United States is learning much from the failed missile explosion in Russia. We have similar, though more advanced, technology. The Russian Skyfall explosion has people worried about the air around the facility, and far beyond. Not good!

Two great and loyal friends!

Scaramucci, who like so many others had nothing to do with my Election victory, is only upset that I didnt want him back in the Administration (where he desperately wanted to be). Also, I seldom had time to return his many calls to me. He just wanted to be on TV!

Thank you NEGOP!

Many incredible things are happening right now for our Country. After years of being ripped off by other nations on both Trade Deals and the Military, things are changing fast. Big progress is being made. America is respected again. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

So funny to watch Little Donny Deutsch on TV with his own failing show. When I did The Apprentice, Donny would call me (along with @ErinBurnett &amp; others) and BEG to be on that VERY successful show. He had the TV bug &amp; I would let him come on though he (&amp; Erin) had very little

TV talent. Then, during the 2016 Election, I would watch as Joe Scarborough &amp; his very angry Psycho wife(?) would push Donny to the point of total humiliation. He would never fight back because he wanted to stay on TV, even on a very low rated show, all in the name of ambition!

Anthony Scaramucci, who was quickly terminated (11 days) from a position that he was totally incapable of handling, now seems to do nothing but television as the all time expert on President Trump. Like many other so-called television experts, he knows very little about me

other than the fact that this Administration has probably done more than any other Administration in its first 2 1/2 years of existence. Anthony, who would do anything to come back in, should remember the only reason he is on TV, and its not for being the Mooch!

Joe Biden just said, We believe in facts, not truth. Does anybody really believe he is mentally fit to be president? We are playing in a very big and complicated world. Joe doesnt have a clue!

Think how wonderful it is to be able to fight back and show, to so many, how totally dishonest the Fake News Media really is. It may be the most corrupt and disgusting business (almost) there is! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

China wants to make a deal so badly. Thousands of companies are leaving because of the Tariffs, they must stem the flow. At the same time China may be hoping for a Democrat to win so they could continue the great ripoff of America, &amp; the theft of hundreds of Billions of $s!

Got to see, by accident, wacko comedian Bill Mahers show - So many lies. He said patients in El Paso hospital didnt want to meet with me. Wrong! Had really great meetings with numerous patients. Said I was on vacation. Wrong! Long planned fix up of W.H., stay here rather than

cause big disruption by going to Manhattan. Working almost all of the time, including evenings. Dont have to be in W.H. to do that...And sooo many other false statements. He is right about one thing, though. I will win again in 2020. Otherwise, he pays 95% in taxes!

Never has the press been more inaccurate, unfair or corrupt! We are not fighting the Democrats, they are easy, we are fighting the seriously dishonest and unhinged Lamestream Media. They have gone totally CRAZY. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

In a letter to me sent by Kim Jong Un, he stated, very nicely, that he would like to meet and start negotiations as soon as the joint U.S./South Korea joint exercise are over. It was a long letter, much of it complaining about the ridiculous and expensive exercises. It was

also a small apology for testing the short range missiles, and that this testing would stop when the exercises end. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un in the not too distant future! A nuclear free North Korea will lead to one of the most successful countries in the world!

Maggie Haberman of the Failing @nytimes reported that I was annoyed by the lack of cameras inside the hospitals in Dayton &amp; El Paso, when in fact I was the one who stated, very strongly, that I didnt want the Fake News inside &amp; told my people NOT to let them in. Fake reporting!

Liberal Hollywood is Racist at the highest level, and with great Anger and Hate! They like to call themselves Elite, but they are not Elite. In fact, it is often the people that they so strongly oppose that are actually the Elite. The movie coming out is made in order

to inflame and cause chaos. They create their own violence, and then try to blame others. They are the true Racists, and are very bad for our Country!

Serious discussions are taking place between House and Senate leadership  on meaningful Background Checks. I have also been speaking to the NRA, and others, so that their very strong views can be fully represented and respected. Guns should not be placed in the hands of

mentally ill or deranged people. I am the biggest Second Amendment person there is, but we all must work together for the good and safety of our Country. Common sense things can be done that are good for everyone!

Rod Blagojevich, the former Governor of Illinois, was sentenced to 14 years in prison. He has served 7 years. Many people have asked that I study the possibility of commuting his sentence in that it was a very severe one. White House staff is continuing the review of this matter

I am pleased to inform you that the Honorable Joseph Maguire, current Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, will be named Acting Director of National Intelligence, effective August 15th. Admiral Maguire has a long and distinguished

career in the military, retiring from the U.S. Navy in 2010. He commanded at every level, including the Naval Special Warfare Command. He has also served as a National Security Fellow at Harvard University. I have no doubt he will do a great job!

Sue Gordon is a great professional with a long and distinguished career. I have gotten to know Sue over the past 2 years and have developed great respect for her. Sue has announced she will be leaving on August 15, which

coincides with the retirement of Dan Coats. A new Acting Director of National Intelligence will be named shortly

I know Emmanuel means well, as do all others, but nobody speaks for the United States but the United States itself. No one is authorized in any way, shape, or form, to represent us!

Iran is in serious financial trouble. They want desperately to talk to the U.S., but are given mixed signals from all of those purporting to represent us, including President Macron of France

John Deere, our car companies, &amp; others, to compete on a level playing field. With substantial Fed Cuts (there is no inflation) and no quantitative tightening, the dollar will make it possible for our companies to win against any competition. We have the greatest companies

in the world, there is nobody even close, but unfortunately the same cannot be said about our Federal Reserve. They have called it wrong at every step of the way, and we are still winning. Can you imagine what would happen if they actually called it right?

As your President, one would think that I would be thrilled with our very strong dollar. I am not! The Feds high interest rate level, in comparison to other countries, is keeping the dollar high, making it more difficult for our great manufacturers like Caterpillar, Boeing,

Just watched a world class loser, Tim OBrien, who I havent seen or spoken to in many years, &amp; knows NOTHING about me except that he wrote a failed hit piece book about me 15 years ago. Fired like a dog from other jobs? Saw him on Lyin Brian Williams Trump Slam Show. Bad TV

I am so amazed that MSNBC &amp; CNN can keep putting on, over and over again, people that have no idea what I am all about, and yet they speak as experts on Trump. Same people since long before the 2016 Election, and how did that work out for the Haters and Losers. Not well!

My time spent in Dayton and El Paso with some of the greatest people on earth. Thank you for a job well done!

Incredible afternoon in El Paso, Texas. We love you, and are with you, all the way!

The Dems new weapon is actually their old weapon, one which they never cease to use when they are down, or run out of facts, RACISM! They are truly disgusting! They even used it on Nancy Pelosi. I will be putting out a list of all people who have been so (ridiculously) accused!

Leaving El Paso for the White House. What GREAT people I met there and in Dayton, Ohio. The Fake News worked overtime trying to disparage me and the two trips, but it just didnt work. The love, respect &amp; enthusiasm were there for all to see. They have been through so much. Sad!

I dont know who Joaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate (1%) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Joaquin is not the man that his brother is, but his brother, according to most, is not much. Keep fighting Joaquin!

I dont know who Juaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate (1%) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Juaquin is not the man that his brother is, but his brother, according to most, is not much. Keep fighting Juaquin!

The people I met today in Dayton are the finest anywhere!

We love you Dayton, Ohio!

Watching Fake News CNN is better than watching Shepard Smith, the lowest rated show on @FoxNews. Actually, whenever possible, I turn to @OANN!

misrepresenting what took place inside of the hospital. Their news conference after I left for El Paso was a fraud. It bore no resemblance to what took place with those incredible people that I was so lucky to meet and spend time with. They were all amazing!o

Just left Dayton, Ohio, where I met with the Victims &amp; families, Law Enforcement, Medical Staff &amp; First Responders. It was a warm &amp; wonderful visit. Tremendous enthusiasm &amp; even Love. Then I saw failed Presidential Candidate (0%) Sherrod Brown &amp; Mayor Whaley totally

Watching Sleepy Joe Biden making a speech. Sooo Boring! The LameStream Media will die in the ratings and clicks with this guy. It will be over for them, not to mention the fact that our Country will do poorly with him. It will be one big crash, but at least China will be happy!

Today, we honor all of our Countrys Purple Heart recipients, their loved ones, and our Gold Star Families for their immeasurable sacrifice. These American Patriots represent the unyielding and unmatched strength and determination of the U.S. Armed Forces:

terrible thing to watch, especially when things could be taken care of sooo easily. We will WIN anyway, but it would be much easier if the Fed understood, which they dont, that we are competing against other countries, all of whom want to do well at our expense!

proud to admit their mistake of acting too fast and tightening too much (and that I was right!). They must Cut Rates bigger and faster, and stop their ridiculous quantitative tightening NOW. Yield curve is at too wide a margin, and no inflation! Incompetence is a

Three more Central Banks cut rates. Our problem is not China - We are stronger than ever, money is pouring into the U.S. while China is losing companies by the thousands to other countries, and their currency is under siege - Our problem is a Federal Reserve that is too

Meanwhile, the Dayton, Ohio, shooter had a history of supporting political figures like Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, and ANTIFA. @OANN  I hope other news outlets will report this as opposed to Fake News. Thank you!

Trump Urges Unity Vs. Racism, was the correct description in the first headline by the Failing New York Times, but it was quickly changed to, Assailing Hate But Not Guns, after the Radical Left Democrats went absolutely CRAZY! Fake News - Thats what were up against

This is an astounding development in journalism. Ive never seen it happen before, Ive just never seen anything like this! Is that journalism today? I dont think so! Mark Penn, Former Clinton Advisor. @TuckerCarlson After 3 years I almost got a good headline from the Times!

South Korea has agreed to pay substantially more money to the United States in order to defend itself from North Korea. Over the past many decades, the U.S. has been paid very little by South Korea, but last year, at the request of President Trump, South Korea paid $990,000,000

Talks have begun to further increase payments to the United States. South Korea is a very wealthy nation that now feels an obligation to contribute to the military defense provided by the United States of America. The relationship between the two countries is a very good one!

Beto (phony name to indicate Hispanic heritage) ORourke, who is embarrassed by my last visit to the Great State of Texas, where I trounced him, and is now even more embarrassed by polling at 1% in the Democrat Primary, should respect the victims &amp; law enforcement - &amp; be quiet!

California is trying to meddle with a ballot in order to oppose President Trump, and its clearly something California is not allowed to do. It violates the right of the Republican Party, or any party, to choose its leaders under the Free Speech clause, and under the 14th

Amendment. John Yoo. @IngrahamAngle  Former Governor Jerry Brown vetoed the same bill in that it was ridiculous and totally unconstitutional. Just more of the record setting Presidential Harassment. Dont feel badly, New York State is far worse!

Will be going to Dayton, Ohio and El Paso, Texas, tomorrow to meet with First Responders, Law Enforcement, and some of the victims of the terrible shootings

in 2020. Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. @peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton, and boosted negative stories on Donald Trump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!

@sundarpichai of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me, what a great job the Administration is doing, that Google was not involved with Chinas military, that they didnt help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election, &amp; that they

are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee, a Google engineer, say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to Make sure that Trump losses

Thank you @JimCramer @CNBC!

Thank you Mr. Wonderful, I like you too! @kevinolearytv @CNBC

As they have learned in the last two years, our great American Farmers know that China will not be able to hurt them in that their President has stood with them and done what no other president would do - And Ill do it again next year if necessary!

Massive amounts of money from China and other parts of the world is pouring into the United States for reasons of safety, investment, and interest rates! We are in a very strong position. Companies are also coming to the U.S. in big numbers. A beautiful thing to watch!

are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee, a Google engineer, say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to Make sure that Trump losses

in 2020. Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. @peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton, and boosted negative stories on Donald Ttump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!

@sundarpichai of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me, what a great job the Administration is doing, that Google was not involved with Chinas military, that they didnt help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election, and that they

Its political season and the election is around the corner. They want to continue to push that racist narrative. @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  And I am the least racist person. Black, Hispanic and Asian Unemployment is the lowest (BEST) in the history of the United States!

Did George Bush ever condemn President Obama after Sandy Hook. President Obama had 32 mass shootings during his reign. Not many people said Obama is out of Control. Mass shootings were happening before the President even thought about running for Pres. @kilmeade @foxandfriends

Thank you @PeterSchweizer!

Check out what @Google is up to for the 2020 election! #KAG2020

Thank you @LouDobbs and Tom Homan!

We must honor the sacred memory of those we have lost by acting as ONE PEOPLE. Open wounds cannot heal if we are divided. We must seek real, bipartisan solutions that will truly make America safer and better for all

Today, I am also directing the Department of Justice to propose legislation ensuring that those who commit hate crimes and mass murders face the DEATH PENALTY - and that this capital punishment be delivered quickly, decisively, and without years of needless delay

The First Lady and I join all Americans in praying and grieving for the victims, their families, and the survivors. We will stand by their side FOREVER!

China is intent on continuing to receive the hundreds of Billions of Dollars they have been taking from the U.S. with unfair trade practices and currency manipulation. So one-sided, it should have been stopped many years ago!

Based on the historic currency manipulation by China, it is now even more obvious to everyone that Americans are not paying for the Tariffs  they are being paid for compliments of China, and the U.S. is taking in tens of Billions of Dollars! China has always

used currency manipulation to steal our businesses and factories, hurt our jobs, depress our workers wages and harm our farmers prices. Not anymore!

China dropped the price of their currency to an almost a historic low. Its called currency manipulation. Are you listening Federal Reserve? This is a major violation which will greatly weaken China over time!

The Media has a big responsibility to life and safety in our Country. Fake News has contributed greatly to the anger and rage that has built up over many years. News coverage has got to start being fair, balanced and unbiased, or these terrible problems will only get worse!

We cannot let those killed in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio, die in vain. Likewise for those so seriously wounded. We can never forget them, and those many who came before them. Republicans and Democrats must come together and get strong background checks, perhaps marrying

this legislation with desperately needed immigration reform. We must have something good, if not GREAT, come out of these two tragic events!

Today, I authorized the lowering of the flags to half-staff at all Federal Government buildings in honor of the victims of the tragedies in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio

The flags at the White House will be lowered today through Thursday, August 8. Melania and I are praying for all those impacted by this unspeakable act of evil!

God bless the people of El Paso, Texas. God bless the people of Dayton, Ohio

God bless the people of El Paso Texas. God bless the people of Dayton, Ohio

The FBI, local and state law enforcement are working together in El Paso and in Dayton, Ohio. Information is rapidly being accumulated in Dayton. Much has already be learned in El Paso. Law enforcement was very rapid in both instances. Updates will be given throughout the day!

Todays shooting in El Paso, Texas, was not only tragic, it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn todays hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people

Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas

Todays shooting in El Paso, Texas was not only tragic, it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn todays hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people

Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas

God be with you all: Trump pledges full support for El Paso shooting victims as lawmakers also grieve  via @usatoday

Pastor Scott, a great guy - and tough!

Fight hard tonight Colby. You are a real Champ! #MAGA

Terrible shootings in ElPaso, Texas. Reports are very bad, many killed. Working with State and Local authorities, and Law Enforcement. Spoke to Governor to pledge total support of Federal Government. God be with you all!

Things are going along very well with China. They are paying us Tens of Billions of Dollars, made possible by their monetary devaluations and pumping in massive amounts of cash to keep their system going. So far our consumer is paying nothing - and no inflation. No help from Fed!

Countries are coming to us wanting to negotiate REAL trade deals, not the one sided horror show deals made by past administrations. They dont want to be targeted for Tariffs by the U.S

Great working with you John. A big win for our amazing ranchers!

A great couple!

Nice to see that one of my best pupils is still a giant Trump fan. Steve joined me after I won the primaries, but I loved working with him!

Our great Republican Congressman John Ratcliffe is being treated very unfairly by the LameStream Media. Rather than going through months of slander and libel, I explained to John how miserable it would be for him and his family to deal with these people

John has therefore decided to stay in Congress where he has done such an outstanding job representing the people of Texas, and our Country. I will be announcing my nomination for DNI shortly

A$AP Rocky released from prison and on his way home to the United States from Sweden. It was a Rocky Week, get home ASAP A$AP!

Chariman Kim has a great and beautiful vision for his country, and only the United States, with me as President, can make that vision come true. He will do the right thing because he is far too smart not to, and he does not want to disappoint his friend, President Trump!

Kim Jong Un and North Korea tested 3 short range missiles over the last number of days. These missiles tests are not a violation of our signed Singapore agreement, nor was there discussion of short range missiles when we shook hands. There may be a United Nations violation, but

Chairman Kim does not want to disappoint me with a violation of trust, there is far too much for North Korea to gain - the potential as a Country, under Kim Jong Uns leadership, is unlimited. Also, there is far too much to lose. I may be wrong, but I believe that

Really bad news! The Baltimore house of Elijah Cummings was robbed. Too bad!

THANK YOU OHIO!! #KAG2020

I would like to thank two Great Iowa Senators, @ChuckGrassley and @SenJoniErnst - for their support today on the Spending Bill. Their vote, and the vote of other Republicans and Democrats helped get this done in a bipartisan fashion. Thank you all!

Beautiful evening in Cincinnati, Ohio tonight  with GREAT American Patriots! #KAG2020

Thank you Cincinnati, Ohio. Together, we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

We look forward to continuing our positive dialogue with China on a comprehensive Trade Deal, and feel that the future between our two countries will be a very bright one!

buy agricultural product from the U.S. in large quantities, but did not do so. Additionally, my friend President Xi said that he would stop the sale of Fentanyl to the United States  this never happened, and many Americans continue to die! Trade talks are continuing, and

during the talks the U.S. will start, on September 1st, putting a small additional Tariff of 10% on the remaining 300 Billion Dollars of goods and products coming from China into our Country. This does not include the 250 Billion Dollars already Tariffed at 25%

Our representatives have just returned from China where they had constructive talks having to do with a future Trade Deal. We thought we had a deal with China three months ago, but sadly, China decided to re-negotiate the deal prior to signing. More recently, China agreed to

A string of court cases that have been run through the legal system that have hit DEAD ENDS.... @BillHemmer @AmericaNewsroom

BIG RALLY tonight in Cincinnati, Ohio. See you there! P.S. Our Country is doing GREAT!

Budget Deal is phenomenal for our Great Military, our Vets, and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs! Two year deal gets us past the Election. Go for it Republicans, there is always plenty of time to CUT!

China, Iran &amp; other foreign countries are looking at the Democrat Candidates and drooling over the small prospect that they could be dealing with them in the not too distant future. They would be able to rip off our beloved USA like never before. With President Trump, NO WAY!

Congratulations to Kelly Knight Craft of #Kentucky on her confirmation as United Nations Ambassador. After having served so admirably as Ambassador to Canada, &amp; having done an outstanding job no matter how difficult the task, Kelly will be fantastic at the United Nations. Winner!

The people on the stage tonight, and last, were not those that will either Make America Great Again or Keep America Great! Our Country now is breaking records in almost every category, from Stock Market to Military to Unemployment. We have prosperity &amp; success like never before

It will soon be time to choose to keep and build upon that prosperity and success, or let it go. We are respected again all around the world. Keep it that way! I said I will never let you down, and I havent. We will only grow bigger, better and stronger TOGETHER!

The cages for kids were built by the Obama Administration in 2014. He had the policy of child separation. I ended it even as I realized that more families would then come to the Border! @CNN

Experts stated that the Fed should not have tightened, and then waited too long to undo their mistake. James Bullard of St. Louis Fed said they waited too long to correct the mistake that they made last December. Mistake, Powell cut rate and then he started talking. @LouDobbs

Very low ratings for the Democratic Debate last night  theyre desperate for Trump!

Thank you Bill, say hello to our GREAT VETERANS!

The Radical Left Dems went after me for using the words drug-infested concerning Baltimore. Take a look at Elijah C

The 99% Get a Bigger Raise

As usual, Powell let us down, but at least he is ending quantitative tightening, which shouldnt have started in the first place - no inflation. We are winning anyway, but I am certainly not getting much help from the Federal Reserve!

What the Market wanted to hear from Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve was that this was the beginning of a lengthy and aggressive rate-cutting cycle which would keep pace with China, The European Union and other countries around the world

I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!

to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion. I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer &amp; Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards

The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly), were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal. Not only did they lose the case, they had difficulty with respect

The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly), were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal

Not only did they lose the case, they had difficulty with respect to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion

I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer and Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards. I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!

or is he too dumb (stupid} to understand that. No wonder CNNs ratings (MSNBCs also) have gone down the tubes - and will stay there until they bring credibility back to the newsroom. Dont hold your breath!

CNNs Don Lemon, the dumbest man on television, insinuated last night while asking a debate question that I was a racist, when in fact I am the least racist person in the world. Perhaps someone should explain to Don that he is supposed to be neutral, unbiased &amp; fair,

Lowering drug prices for many Americans - including our great seniors! At my direction, @HHSGov @SecAzar just released a Safe Importation Action Plan. Our Governors will be very happy too! @GovRonDeSantis @GovofCO

The lesser of two Socialists is still a Socialist! Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana

If I hadnt won the 2016 Election, we would be in a Great Recession/Depression right now. The people I saw on stage last night, &amp; you can add in Sleepy Joe, Harris, &amp; the rest, will lead us into an economic sinkhole the likes of which we have never seen before. With me, only up!

Such a great victory in court yesterday on the Russian Hoax, the greatest political scam in the history of our Country. TREASON! Hopefully, the Attorney Generel of the United States, and all of those working with him, will find out, in great detail, what happened. NEVER AGAIN!!!!

Wow! A federal Judge in the Southern District of N.Y. completely dismissed a lawsuit brought by the Democratic National Committee against our historic 2016 campaign for President. The Judge said the DNC case was entirely divorced from the facts, yet another total &amp; complete

vindication &amp; exoneration from the Russian, WikiLeaks and every other form of HOAX perpetrated by the DNC, Radical Democrats and others. This is really big stuff especially coming from a highly respected judge who was appointed by President Clinton. The Witch Hunt Ends!

Thank you Eric!

Thank you Amy!

We should immediately pass Voter ID @Voteridplease to insure the safety and sanctity of our voting system. Also, Paper Ballots as backup (old fashioned but true!). Thank you!

Great reception in Jamestown by both REPUBLICANS &amp; DEMOCRATS. Respect for our Countrys incredible Heritage. Thank you!

Heading to Jamestown, Virginia. Word is the Democrats will make it as uncomfortable as possible, but thats ok because today is not about them!

Just reminded my staff that Morning Joe &amp; Psycho were with me in my room, at their request, the night I won New Hampshire. Likewise, followed me to other states

Dont watch show, but heard Mika said I asked to preside over their marriage. Not truedoes anyone really believe that? They were married by Elijah, King of Baltimore!

China has lost 5 million jobs and two million manufacturing jobs due to the Trump Tariffs. Trumps got China back on its heels, and the United States is doing great. @AndyPuzder @MariaBartiromo

Senate is working hard on Americas Transportation Infrastructure Act. Will have BIG IMPACT on our highways and roads all across our Nation. Interest strong from Republicans and Democrats. Do I hear the beautiful word, BIPARTISAN? Get it done. I am with you!

@foxandfriends

Wow! Morning Joe &amp; Psycho ratings have really crashed. Very small audience. People are tired of hearing Fake News delivered with an anger that is not to be believed. Sad, when the show was sane, they helped get me elected. Thanks! Was on all the time. Lost all of its juice!

to ripoff the USA, even bigger and better than ever before. The problem with them waiting, however, is that if &amp; when I win, the deal that they get will be much tougher than what we are negotiating now...or no deal at all. We have all the cards, our past leaders never got it!

My team is negotiating with them now, but they always change the deal in the end to their benefit. They should probably wait out our Election to see if we get one of the Democrat stiffs like Sleepy Joe. Then they could make a GREAT deal, like in past 30 years, and continue

China is doing very badly, worst year in 27 - was supposed to start buying our agricultural product now - no signs that they are doing so. That is the problem with China, they just dont come through. Our Economy has become MUCH larger than the Chinese Economy is last 3 years

Despite the Democrats wanting very unsafe Open Borders &amp; refusing to change the Loopholes &amp; Asylum, tremendous progress is being made the the Southern Border. We all waited because we assumed the Dems would ultimately be forced to change the horrible Immigration Laws.They didnt!

Somali refugees arresed in Tucson on way to Egypt. They were in touch with an agent posing as a terrorist. One of them stated, The best wake up call is Islamic State to get victory or another 9/11. Get smart people! #MAGA #KAG @foxandfriends

I dont know what its going to take. A lot of Democratic run cities all over America look like this, its not just Baltimore, unfortunately. Kimberly Klacik, Baltimore journalist  Remember, Vote for Trump, what the h.... do you have to lose? Best unemployment numbers!

Baltimores numbers are the worst in the United States on Crime and the Economy. Billions of dollars have been pumped in over the years, but to no avail. The money was stolen or wasted. Ask Elijah Cummings where it went. He should investigate himself with his Oversight Committee!

Elijah Cummings never even went to the Southern Border and then he screams at the very good people who, despite Congresses failure to fix the Loopholes and Asylum, make it work (crossings are way down and the Wall is being built). Even with zero Dem help, Border getting strong!

Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith is doing a GREAT JOB for the people of Mississippi and fully supports our #MAGA Agenda. Cindy is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border and Illegal Immigration

She loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. Cindy has my Full and Total Endorsement! #MAGA

Just remember, the Iranians never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!

The Republican Party has a new STAR, his name is Daniel Cameron (@djaycameron), and he is running for Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Kentucky

He is tough on Crime, Strong on Borders, and will fight for our Second Amendment. Daniel will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!

It is the 25th Anniversary of a GREAT Organization run by people who truly love our Country, @JudicialWatch. On behalf of all Americans, I thank them! @TomFitton

Looking forward to my meeting at 2:00 P.M. with wonderful Inner City Pastors!

The Fed raised way too early and way too much. Their quantitative tightening was another big mistake. While our Country is doing very well, the potential wealth creation that was missed, especially when measured against our debt, is staggering. We are competing with other

countries that know how to play the game against the U.S. Thats actually why the E.U. was formed....and for China, until now, the U.S. has been easy pickens. The Fed has made all of the wrong moves. A small rate cut is not enough, but we will win anyway!

even to new heights of success and glory, but not with King Elijah and that crew. When the leaders of Baltimore want to see the City rise again, I am in a very beautiful oval shaped office waiting for your call!

Crazy Bernie Sanders recently equated the City of Baltimore to a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY! Based on that statement, I assume that Bernie must now be labeled a Racist, just as a Republican would if he used that term and standard! The fact is, Baltimore can be brought back, maybe

The E.U. and China will further lower interest rates and pump money into their systems, making it much easier for their manufacturers to sell product. In the meantime, and with very low inflation, our Fed does nothing - and probably will do very little by comparison. Too bad!

Al Sharpton would always ask me to go to his events. He would say, its a personal favor to me. Seldom, but sometimes, I would go. It was fine. He came to my office in T.T. during the presidential campaign to apologize for the way he was talking about me. Just a conman at work!

If the Democrats are going to defend the Radical Left Squad and King Elijahs Baltimore Fail, it will be a long road to 2020. The good news for the Dems is that they have the Fake News Media in their pocket!

Baltimore, under the leadership of Elijah Cummings, has the worst Crime Statistics in the Nation. 25 years of all talk, no action! So tired of listening to the same old Bull...Next, Reverend Al will show up to complain &amp; protest. Nothing will get done for the people in need. Sad!

I have known Al for 25 years. Went to fights with him &amp; Don King, always got along well. He loved Trump! He would ask me for favors often. Al is a con man, a troublemaker, always looking for a score. Just doing his thing. Must have intimidated Comcast/NBC. Hates Whites &amp; Cops!

Good luck with the book George, should do well!

Law Enforcement is at the scene of shootings in Gilroy, California. Reports are that shooter has not yet been apprehended. Be careful and safe!

The Democrats hate this President so much, theyre forgetting about their duty to secure our Border. @ThomasHomanICE  @SteveHiltonx Sad but true!

If the Democrats would have closed the Loopholes two years ago when President Trump asked them to do so, none of this stuff would have happened. @ThomasHomanICE

be leaving office on August 15th. I would like to thank Dan for his great service to our Country. The Acting Director will be named shortly

I am pleased to announce that highly respected Congressman John Ratcliffe of Texas will be nominated by me to be the Director of National Intelligence. A former U.S. Attorney, John will lead and inspire greatness for the Country he loves. Dan Coats, the current Director, will

Under the Trump Administration, African American unemployment is the lowest (best) in the history of the United States. No President has come close to doing this before! I also created successful Opportunity Zones. Waiting for Nancy and Elijah to say, Thank you, Mr. President!

If racist Elijah Cummings would focus more of his energy on helping the good people of his district, and Baltimore itself, perhaps progress could be made in fixing the mess that he has helped to create over many years of incompetent leadership. His radical oversight is a joke!

There is nothing racist in stating plainly what most people already know, that Elijah Cummings has done a terrible job for the people of his district, and of Baltimore itself. Dems always play the race card when they are unable to win with facts. Shame!

Elijah Cummings has had his chance to address it (crime &amp; conditions in Baltimore) for decades, and he hasnt gotten it done. @PeteHegseth @foxandfriends  How can he get it done when he just wants to use his Oversight Committee to hurt innocent people and divide our Country!

Speaking of failing badly, has anyone seen what is happening to Nancy Pelosis district in San Francisco. It is not even recognizeable lately. Something must be done before it is too late. The Dems should stop wasting time on the Witch Hunt Hoax and start focusing on our Country!

Someone please explain to Nancy Pelosi, who was recently called racist by those in her own party, that there is nothing wrong with bringing out the very obvious fact that Congressman Elijah Cummings has done a very poor job for his district and the City of Baltimore. Just take

a look, the facts speak far louder than words! The Democrats always play the Race Card, when in fact they have done so little for our Nations great African American people. Now, lowest unemployment in U.S. history, and only getting better. Elijah Cummings has failed badly!

If it werent for Donald Trump, we would never know how corrupt these Democrats are, we would never know for sure that there was a Deep State. Now we know it. @JudgeJeanine

The Democrats are still doing the Russians dirty work as they continue to push the fake crime. Media credibility is now shot, Democrat credibility is shot, theyve wasted over 100 hearings on a Hoax, theyve done nothing on Infrastructure, drug prices, trade....@JesseBWatters

The real Collusion, the Conspiracy, the Crime, was between the Clinton Campaign, the DNC, Fusion GPS, Christopher Steele.....(and many others including Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page and her lover, Ohr and his wonderful wife, and on and on!). @replouiegohmert

So sad that Elijah Cummings has been able to do so little for the people of Baltimore. Statistically, Baltimore ranks last in almost every major category. Cummings has done nothing but milk Baltimore dry, but the public is getting wise to the bad job that he is doing!

One of the biggest things to come out of Muellers testimony was the fact that when he was asked, was there ANYTHING that impeded your investigation, the answer was a clear, unequivocal, NO. Misty Marris  @FoxNews  True, but many other great exonerating things came out

Robert Muellers testimony, and the Mueller Report itself, was a disaster for this illegal Democrat inspired Witch Hunt. It is an embarrassment to the USA that they dont know how to stop. They cant help themselves, they are totally lost, they are Clowns!

Thank you @MarkLevinShow!

Thank you @GOPLeader!

Thanks @JudgeJeanine!

@RepCummings  your district!

@RepCummings, why dont you focus on your district!?

NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION, TOTAL EXONERATION. DEMOCRAT WITCH HUNT!

We gave Nadler and his Trump hating Dems the complete Mueller Report (we didnt have to), and even Mueller himself, but now that both were a total BUST, they say it wasnt good enough. Nothing will ever be good enough for them. Witch Hunt!

Elijah Cummings spends all of his time trying to hurt innocent people through Oversight. He does NOTHING for his very poor, very dangerous and very badly run district! Take a look.... #BlacksForTrump2020

Democrats dont care about Border Security. They refuse to give the votes necessary to fix the Loopholes and Asylum. Would be so easy! They want Open Borders, which means CRIME,CRIME,CRIME!

Such a big victory of our Country! Supreme Court approves Trump Administration plan to use Military Funds for the Wall. @FoxNews  We will be fully reimbursed for this expenditure, over time, by other countries

The Dems are now coming out of shock from the terrible Mueller performance, and are starting to spin impeachment all over again. How sick &amp; disgusting and bad for our Country are they. What they are doing is so wrong, but they do it anyway. Dems have become the do nothing Party!

The Democrats were trying mightily to revive the badly &amp; irrevocably tarnished Witch Hunt Hoax until Robert Mueller put on the greatest display of ineptitude &amp; incompetence that the Halls of Congress have ever seen. Truth is, he had no facts on his side. Nothing he could do!

Consideration is being given to declaring ANTIFA, the gutless Radical Left Wack Jobs who go around hitting (only non-fighters) people over the heads with baseball bats, a major Organization of Terror (along with MS-13 &amp; others). Would make it easier for police to do their job!

Why is so much money sent to the Elijah Cummings district when it is considered the worst run and most dangerous anywhere in the United States. No human being would want to live there. Where is all this money going? How much is stolen? Investigate this corrupt mess immediately!

Rep, Elijah Cummings has been a brutal bully, shouting and screaming at the great men &amp; women of Border Patrol about conditions at the Southern Border, when actually his Baltimore district is FAR WORSE and more dangerous. His district is considered the Worst in the USA

As proven last week during a Congressional tour, the Border is clean, efficient &amp; well run, just very crowded. Cumming District is a disgusting, rat and rodent infested mess. If he spent more time in Baltimore, maybe he could help clean up this very dangerous &amp; filthy place

Wow! Big VICTORY on the Wall. The United States Supreme Court overturns lower court injunction, allows Southern Border Wall to proceed. Big WIN for Border Security and the Rule of Law!

@DHSgov @DHSMcAleenan Puts Guatemalan Migrants on Fast Track Home

The WTO is BROKEN when the worlds RICHEST countries claim to be developing countries to avoid WTO rules and get special treatment. NO more!!! Today I directed the U.S. Trade Representative to take action so that countries stop CHEATING the system at the expense of the USA!

Great morning at the Pentagon yesterday. Congratulations to our new Defense Secretary, Mark @EsperDoD!

France just put a digital tax on our great American technology companies. If anybody taxes them, it should be their home Country, the USA. We will announce a substantial reciprocal action on Macrons foolishness shortly. Ive always said American wine is better than French wine!

Apple will not be given Tariff waiver, or relief, for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA, no Tariffs!

Q2 GDP Up 2.1% Not bad considering we have the very heavy weight of the Federal Reserve anchor wrapped around our neck. Almost no inflation. USA is set to Zoom!

Apple will not be given Tariff wavers, or relief, for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA, no Tariffs!

There may or may not be National Security concerns with regard to Google and their relationship with China. If there is a problem, we will find out about it. I sincerely hope there is not!!!

the fact that I have gone through a three year vicious Witch Hunt, perpetrated by the Lamestream Media in Collusion with Crooked and the Democrat Party, there can be NO WAY, with the greatest Economy in U.S. history, that I can be losing to the Sleepy One. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

@FoxNews is at it again. So different from what they used to be during the 2016 Primaries, &amp; before - Proud Warriors! Now new Fox Polls, which have always been terrible to me (they had me losing BIG to Crooked Hillary), have me down to Sleepy Joe. Even considering

Taken for Granted, a wonderful new book by Gianno Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism failed, has my full Endorsement!

Taken for Granted, a wonderful new book by Gianni Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism Failed. Full Endorsement!

Intelligence Community disappointed Mueller didnt investigate the Steele Dossier. @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews ...And plenty of other things!

I am pleased to announce the House has passed our budget deal 284-149. Great for our Military and our Vets. A big thank you!

Give A$AP Rocky his FREEDOM. We do so much for Sweden but it doesnt seem to work the other way around. Sweden should focus on its real crime problem! #FreeRocky

Very disappointed in Prime Minister Stefan Lfven for being unable to act. Sweden has let our African American Community down in the United States. I watched the tapes of A$AP Rocky, and he was being followed and harassed by troublemakers. Treat Americans fairly! #FreeRocky

What took place was completely unacceptable, and will not be tolerated. Bill de Blasio should act immediately!

We love our Law Enforcement Officers all around this great Country. What took place in NYC with water being tossed on NYPD officers was a total disgrace. It is time for @NYCMayor @BilldeBlasio to STAND UP for those who protect our lives and serve us all so well

Beautiful Welcome Ceremony at the Pentagon this morning for our new Secretary of Defense, Mark @EsperDoD!

House Republicans should support the TWO YEAR BUDGET AGREEMENT which greatly helps our Military and our Vets. I am totally with you!

Mark Levin on @foxandfriends now! Great guy

Mark Levin will be on @foxandfriends now! Great guy

President Trumps Approval Rating on Economy is at 52%, a 4 point jump. Fox Poll @foxandfriends  Shouldnt this be at 100%? Best stock market, economy and unemployment numbers ever! Most people working within U.S. ever! Low interest rates, very low inflation! Country doing great!

Fox Poll say best Economy in DECADES!

impeachment, you have a Party of one. Its over. @kilmeade  Nancy said, Jerry, please sit down. Very bad idea. We discovered that after putting so much time &amp; energy into the Mueller Report, it turns out Mueller didnt know what was in his Report. @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends

Yesterday changed everything, it really did clear the President. He wins. @ainsleyearhardt  It changed everything in favor of the President, who said all along this investigation is rooted in nothing. Mueller was exposed as being best friends with Comey. Today, you say

Appreciate it @LindseyGrahamSC, thank you!

Thank you @MarkLevinShow!

@JaySekulow and @RudyGiuliani on @SeanHannity moments ago

THE WITCH HUNT IS OVER! @SeanHannity

Great job @ChrisPlanteShow!

Thank you @TuckerCarlson @KimStrassel!

Thank you Rep. @DevinNunes!

Thank you Rep. @Jim_Jordan!

Thank you @RepDougCollins!

Thank you @GOPLeader McCarthy!

The Medias Mueller Meltdown @JesseBWatters

The Democrats lost so BIG today. Their Party is in shambles right now

The Democrats had nothing

Impeachments over!
@TerryMoran @ABCPolitics

Even Michael Moore agrees that the Dems and Mueller blew it!

The kind of questions the White House Correspondents were asking is almost like they didnt see what went on at the hearings! @JesseBWatters  The hearings were a disaster for Robert Mueller &amp; the Democrats. Nevertheless, the Fake News Media will try to make the best out of it!

TRUTH IS A FORCE OF NATURE!

I would like to thank the Democrats for holding this mornings hearing. Now, after 3 hours, Robert Mueller has to subject himself to #ShiftySchiff - an Embarrassment to our Country!

Mueller was asked whether or not the investigation was impeded in any way, and he said no. In other words, there was NO OBSTRUCTION. @KatiePavlich @FoxNews

This has been a disaster for the Democrats and a disaster for the reputation of Robert Mueller. Chris Wallace @FoxNews

It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director (and get turned down) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesnt say that under oath in that we have numerous witnesses to the

interview, including the Vice President of the United States!

KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION!

interview, including the Vice President of the United States!

It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director (and get turned down) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesnt say that under oath in the we have numerous witnesses to the

So why didnt the highly conflicted Robert Mueller investigate how and why Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted and acid washed 33,000 Emails immediately AFTER getting a SUBPOENA from the United States Congress? She must have GREAT lawyers!

Why didnt Robert Mueller &amp; his band of 18 Angry Democrats spend any time investigating Crooked Hillary Clinton, Lyin &amp; Leakin James Comey, Lisa Page and her Psycho lover, Peter S, Andy McCabe, the beautiful Ohr family, Fusion GPS, and many more,  including HIMSELF &amp; Andrew W?

It was NEVER agreed that Robert Mueller could use one of his many Democrat Never Trumper lawyers to sit next to him and help him with his answers. This was specifically NOT agreed to, and I would NEVER have agreed to it. The Greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. history, by far!

So Democrats and others can illegally fabricate a crime, try pinning it on a very innocent President, and when he fights back against this illegal and treasonous attack on our Country, they call It Obstruction? Wrong! Why didnt Robert Mueller investigate the investigators?

So Robert Mueller has now asked for his long time Never Trumper lawyer to sit beside him and help with answers. Whats this all about? His lawyer represented the basement server guy who got off free in the Crooked Hillary case. This should NOT be allowed. Rigged Witch Hunt!

The young leaders here today (@TPUSA) are part of a movement unlike anything in the history of our nation. It is a movement about reclaiming YOUR future, rebuilding YOUR Country, restoring YOUR destiny, and renewing the values that are the true source of American GREATNESS!

Congratulations to our new Secretary of Defense, Mark @EsperDoD!

Oh well, we still have the great @seanhannity who I hear has a really strong show tonight. 9:00 P.M

THANK YOU @TPUSA! #MAGA

Just watched Rep. Eric Swalwell be asked endless softball questions by @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews about the phony Witch Hunt. He was just forced out of the Democrat Presidential Primary because he polled at ZERO. Fox sure aint what it used to be. Too bad!

Just got back only to hear of a last minute change allowing a Never Trumper attorney to help Robert Mueller with his testimony before Congress tomorrow. What a disgrace to our system. Never heard of this before. VERY UNFAIR, SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED. A rigged Witch Hunt!

Budget Deal gives great victories to our Military and Vets, keeps out Democrat poison pill riders. Republicans and Democrats in Congress need to act ASAP and support this deal

I was saddened to learn of the recent passing of Bob Morgenthau, a truly great man! Bob served as a Naval Officer in World War II, was an extraordinary US Attorney, Manhattan District Attorney, and always a warrior for our Country that he loved so dearly

I got to know him over his many years as Chairman of the Police Athletic League, for which he devoted so much time and energy. Bob Morgenthau, a legend, will be greatly missed!

Leaving for Turning Point USA. Will be speaking to some of the greatest and smartest young people on the planet. See you there!

When an old Wall at the Southern Border, that is crumbling and falling over, built in an important section to keep out problems, is replaced with a brand new 30 foot high steel and concrete Wall, the Media says no new Wall has been built. Fake News! Building lots of Wall!

In 2016 I almost won Minnesota. In 2020, because of America hating anti-Semite Rep. Omar, &amp; the fact that Minnesota is having its best economic year ever, I will win the State! We are going to be a nightmare to the President, she say. No, AOC Plus 3 are a Nightmare for America!

Tariffs, Remittance Fees, or all of the above. Guatemala has not been good. Big U.S. taxpayer dollars going to them was cut off by me 9 months ago

Guatemala, which has been forming Caravans and sending large numbers of people, some with criminal records, to the United States, has decided to break the deal they had with us on signing a necessary Safe Third Agreement. We were ready to go. Now we are looking at the BAN,

Farmers are starting to do great again, after 15 years of a downward spiral. The 16 Billion Dollar China replacement money didnt exactly hurt!

KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

Congratulations to Boris Johnson on becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He will be great!

Best and Newest Military (almost totally rebuilt from the depleted military I took over) in History, Best V.A. in History (Choice), and MUCH, MUCH MORE. Gee, lets impeach the President. The Squad (AOC Plus 3) and other Dems suffer from Trump Derangement Syndrome. Crazy!

Newest Poll: Only 11% in favor of starting ridiculous impeachment hearings. Well, lets see: We have the Best Economy in History, the Best Employment Numbers in History, Most People Working in History, Highest Stock Market in History, Biggest Tax and Regulation Cuts in History,

I completely read the entire Mueller Report, and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybodys time and taxpayers money. @trish_regan

I completely read the entire Mueller Report, and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybodys time and taxpayers money. @trishregan

When we rip down and totally replace a badly broken and dilapidated Barrier on the Southern Border, something which cannot do the job, the Fake News Media gives us zero credit for building a new Wall. We have replaced many miles of old Barrier with powerful new Walls!

I am pleased to announce that a deal has been struck with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, and House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy - on a two-year Budget and Debt Ceiling, with no poison pills

This was a real compromise in order to give another big victory to our Great Military and Vets!

The Squad is a very Racist group of troublemakers who are young, inexperienced, and not very smart. They are pulling the once great Democrat Party far left, and were against humanitarian aid at the Border...And are now against ICE and Homeland Security. So bad for our Country!

Going with First Lady to pay our respects to Justice Stevens. Leaving now!

The Report of Iran capturing CIA spies is totally false. Zero truth. Just more lies and propaganda (like their shot down drone) put out by a Religious Regime that is Badly Failing and has no idea what to do. Their Economy is dead, and will get much worse. Iran is a total mess!

But the questions should be asked, why were all of Clintons people given immunity, and why were the text messages of Peter S and his lover, Lisa Page, deleted and destroyed right after they left Mueller, and after we requested them(this is Illegal)?

Highly conflicted Robert Mueller should not be given another bite at the apple. In the end it will be bad for him and the phony Democrats in Congress who have done nothing but waste time on this ridiculous Witch Hunt. Result of the Mueller Report, NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION!

Fake News Equals the Enemy of the People!

The Mainstream Media is out of control. They constantly lie and cheat in order to get their Radical Left Democrat views out their for all to see. It has never been this bad. They have gone bonkers, &amp; no longer care what is right or wrong. This large scale false reporting is sick!

The Amazon Washington Post front page story yesterday was total Fake News. They said Advisors wrote new talking points and handed him reams of opposition research on the four Congresswomen. Now really, does that sound like me? What advisors, there were no talking points,

except for those stated by me, &amp; reams of paper were never given to me. It is a made up story meant to demean &amp; belittle. The Post had no sources. The facts remain the same, that we have 4 Radical Left Congresswomen who have said very bad things about Israel &amp; our Country!

It is far more costly for the Federal Reserve to cut deeper if the economy actually does, in the future, turn down! Very inexpensive, in fact productive,  to move now. The Fed raised &amp; tightened far too much &amp; too fast. In other words, they missed it (Big!). Dont miss it again!

as we have done, it could have been soooo much better. Interest rate costs should have been much lower, &amp; GDP &amp; our Countrys wealth accumulation much higher. Such a waste of time &amp; money. Also, very unfair that other countries manipulate their currencies and pump money in!

With almost no inflation, our Country is needlessly being forced to pay a MUCH higher interest rate than other countries only because of a very misguided Federal Reserve. In addition, Quantitative Tightening is continuing, making it harder for our Country to compete. As good

Thank you very much for revealing the incredible facts, which the Fake News Media will never do! @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC

Senator Chuck Schumer has finally gone to the Southern Border with some Democrat Senators. This is a GREAT thing! Nearby, he missed a large group of Illegal Immigrants trying to enter the USA illegally. They wildly  rushed Border Patrol. Some Agents were badly injured

Based on the comments made by Senator Schumer, he must have seen how dangerous &amp; bad for our Country the Border is. It is not a manufactured crisis, as the Fake News Media &amp; their Democrat partners tried to portray. He said he wants to meet. I will set up a meeting ASAP!

Most importantly you have led Israel with a commitment to the values of democracy, freedom, and equal opportunity that both our nations cherish and share!

Congratulations to Bibi @Netanyahu on becoming the longest serving PM in the history of Israel. Under your leadership, Israel has become a technology powerhouse and a world class economy

I dont believe the four Congresswomen are capable of loving our Country. They should apologize to America (and Israel) for the horrible (hateful) things they have said. They are destroying the Democrat Party, but are weak &amp; insecure people who can never destroy our great Nation!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Presidential Harassment!

The Washington Post Story, about my speech in North Carolina and tweet, with its phony sources who do not exist, is Fake News. The only thing people were talking about is the record setting crowd and the tremendous enthusiasm, far greater than the Democrats. Youll see in 2020!

Big progress at the Border, but Dems in Congress must change the Immigration Laws for all to be good! End the Loopholes and much more

The Great State of West Virginia is producing record setting numbers and doing really well. When I became President, it was practically shut down and closed for business. Not anymore!

I will help Angel Mom (and great woman) Mary Ann Mendoza with Twitter. I know Mary Ann from the beginning, and she should never be silenced. She is a winner who has lost so much, her child. Twitter, if youre watching, please do what you have to do, NOW!  @foxandfriends

Economic numbers reach an all time high, the best in our Countrys history. Great to be a part of something so good for so many!

Just had a very good call with @SwedishPM Stefan Lfven who assured me that American citizen A$AP Rocky will be treated fairly. Likewise, I assured him that A$AP was not a flight risk and offered to personally vouch for his bail, or an alternative

Our teams will be talking further, and we agreed to speak again in the next 48 hours!

You can add 10% or 15% to this number. Economy doing better than EVER before!

Thank you Bill. Very nice!

As you can see, I did nothing to lead people on, nor was I particularly happy with their chant. Just a very big and patriotic crowd. They love the USA!

With the incompetent Mayor of London, you will never have safe streets!

Just spoke to @KanyeWest about his friend A$AP Rockys incarceration. I will be calling the very talented Prime Minister of Sweden to see what we can do about helping A$AP Rocky. So many people would like to see this quickly resolved!

Thank you! #MAGA2020

Fed: There is almost no inflation!

I like New York Fed President John Williams first statement much better than his second. His first statement is 100% correct in that the Fed raised far too fast &amp; too early. Also must stop with the crazy quantitative tightening. We are in a World competition, &amp; winning big,

but it is no thanks to the Federal Reserve. Had they not acted so fast and so much, we would be doing even better than we are doing right now. This is our chance to build unparalleled wealth and success for the U.S., GROWTH, which would greatly reduce % debt. Dont blow it!

Because of the faulty thought process we have going for us at the Federal Reserve, we pay much higher interest rates than countries that are no match for us economically. In other words, our interest costs are much higher than other countries, when they should be lower. Correct!

he could not have been nicer or more respectful to your favorite President, me. Then I saw the column he wrote, Trump Will Be Re-elected, Wont He? He called me a Racist, which I am not, and said Rhode Island went from economically bad to great in 5 years because the

Governor of the State did a good  job. That may be true but she could not have done it without the tremendous economic success of our Country &amp; the turnaround that my Administration has caused. Really Nasty to me in his average I.Q. Columns, kissed my a.. on the call. Phony!

Thomas the Chin Friedman, a weak and pathetic sort of guy, writes columns for The New York Times in between rounds of his favorite game, golf. Two weeks ago, while speaking to a friend on his cell phone, I unfortunately ended up speaking to Friedman. We spoke for a while and

Mainstream Media, which has lost all credibility, has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership, so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota, a

State which I will win in #2020 because they cant stand her and her hatred of our Country, and they appreciate all that I have done for them (opening up mining and MUCH more) which has led to the best employment &amp; economic year in Minnesotas long and beautiful history!

It is amazing how the Fake News Media became crazed over the chant send her back by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina, but is totally calm &amp; accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen

Mainstream Media, which has lost all credibility, has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership, so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota, a

State which I will win in #2020 because they cant stand her and her hatred of our Country, and they appreciate all that I have done for them (opening up mining and MUCH more) which has led to the best employment &amp; economic year in Minnesotas long and beautiful history!

It is amazing how the Fake News Media became crazed over the chant send he back by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina, but is totally calm &amp; accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen

Great new book, Justice On Trial, The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court. Fantastic job by Mollie Hemingway and Carrie Severino!

I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Gene Scalia as the new Secretary of Labor. Gene has led a life of great success in the legal and labor field and is highly respected not only as a lawyer, but as a lawyer with great experience

working with labor and everyone else. He will be a great member of an Administration that has done more in the first 2  years than perhaps any Administration in history!

Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome members of Team USA to the @WhiteHouse for a great celebration of their success during the 2019 @SpecialOlympics @WorldGamesAD! Congratulations @specialolyUSA! #Cheer4USA

This should have been taken care of years ago, the Trump Administration is taking care of these thugs now!

Today, on behalf of the American people, I received an American flag that flew aboard a ship carrying the first waves of U.S. Service Members to land in Normandy

I want to apprise everyone of an incident in the Strait of Hormuz today, involving #USSBoxer, a U.S. Navy amphibious assault ship. The BOXER took defensive action against an Iranian drone

of gang members, in particular MS-13. ICE and Border Patrol are doing a great job!

Most of the MS-13 Gang members indicted &amp; arrested in L.A. were illegal aliens, 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long, 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands

A lot of bad things are happening in Puerto Rico. The Governor is under siege, the Mayor of San Juan is a despicable and incompetent person who I wouldnt trust under any circumstance, and the United States Congress foolishly gave 92 Billion Dollars for hurricane relief, much

of which was squandered away or wasted, never to be seen again. This is more than twice the amount given to Texas &amp; Florida combined. I know the people of Puerto Rico well, and they are great. But much of their leadership is corrupt, &amp; robbing the U.S. Government blind!

Most of the MS-13 Gang members indictedand &amp; arrested in L.A. were illegal aliens, 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long, 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands

of gang members, in particular MS-13. Ice and Border Patrol are doing a great job!

Just returned to the White House from the Great State of North Carolina. What a crowd, and what great people. The enthusiasm blows away our rivals on the Radical Left. #2020 will be a big year for the Republican Party!

The Republican Party is the Party for ALL Americans. We are the Party of the American Worker, the American Family &amp; the American Dream. This is the proud banner the Republican Party will carry into the Republican National Convention next summer in the great city of Charlotte, NC!

Together, we will continue unleashing the power of American enterprise, so every American can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck. With your help, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair, and LAWFUL system of immigration! #MAGA2020

THANK YOU Greenville, North Carolina! #MAGA2020

The United States House of Representatives has just overwhelmingly voted to kill the Resolution on Impeachment, 332-95-1. This is perhaps the most ridiculous and time consuming project I have ever had to work on. Impeachment of your President, who has led the

Greatest Economic BOOM in the history of our Country, the best job numbers, biggest tax reduction, rebuilt military and much more, is now OVER. This should never be allowed to happen to another President of the United States again!

See you tonight, North Carolina! #MAGA2020

GOD BLESS THE USA

New Poll: The Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in predicting the 2016 Election, has just announced that Trump numbers have recently gone up by four points, to 50%. Thank you to the vicious young Socialist Congresswomen. America will never buy your act!  #MAGA2020

After a ten year search, the so-called mastermind of the Mumbai Terror attacks has been arrested in Pakistan. Great pressure has been exerted over the last two years to find him!

Big Rally tonight in Greenville, North Carolina. Lots of great things to tell you about, including the fact that our Economy is the best it has ever been. Best Employment &amp; Stock Market Numbers EVER. Ill talk also about people who love, and hate, our Country (mostly love)!  7:PM

The Democrats in Congress are getting nothing done, not on drug pricing, not on immigration, not on infrastructure, not on nothing! Sooo much opportunity, yet all they want to do is go fishing. The American people are tired of the never ending Witch Hunt, they want results now!

opinion, theyre Americans. Now Im entitled to my opinion, &amp; I just think theyre left wing cranks. Theyre the reason there are directions on a shampoo bottle, &amp; we should ignore them. The squad has moved the Democrat Party substantially LEFT, and

they are destroying the Democrat Party. Im appalled that so many of our Presidential candidates are falling all over themselves to try to agree with the four horsewomen of the apocalypse. Im entitled to say that theyre Wack Jobs.  Louisiana Senator John Kennedy

In America, if you hate our Country, you are free to leave. The simple fact of the matter is, the four Congresswomen think that America is wicked in its origins, they think that America is even more wicked now, that we are all racist and evil. Theyre entitled to their

visible members of the House Democrats, who are now wedded to this bitterness and hate. The Republican vote was 187-4. Wow! Also, this was the first time since 1984 that the Speaker of the House was ruled Out of Order and broke the Rules of the House. Quite a day!

So great to see how unified the Republican Party was on todays vote concerning statements I made about four Democrat Congresswomen. If you really want to see statements, look at the horrible things they said about our Country, Israel, and much more. They are now the top, most

Yesterday, it was my great honor to host our third annual Made in America Showcase at the @WhiteHouse

Looking forward to tomorrow nights rally in Greenville, North Carolina at 7:00 P.M. Eastern!

Kevin McCarthy @GOPLeader, The Presidents Tweets were not Racist. The controversy over the tweets is ALL POLITICS. I will vote against this resolution.  Thank you Kevin!

Those Tweets were NOT Racist. I dont have a Racist bone in my body! The so-called vote to be taken is a Democrat con game. Republicans should not show weakness and fall into their trap. This should be a vote on the filthy language, statements and lies told by the Democrat

Congresswomen, who I truly believe, based on their actions, hate our Country. Get a list of the HORRIBLE things they have said. Omar is polling at 8%, Cortez at 21%. Nancy Pelosi tried to push them away, but now they are forever wedded to the Democrat Party. See you in 2020!

Our Country is Free, Beautiful and Very Successful. If you hate our Country, or if you are not happy here, you can leave!

If you come after the President, the Country, the Flag - hes going to defend himself. What the squad doesnt like is that Donald Trump is enforcing the very laws that are on the books that were put there by Congress. Jason Chaffetz. Also, buy Jasons great new book, POWER GRAB!

Billionaire Tech Investor Peter Thiel believes Google should be investigated for treason. He accuses Google of working with the Chinese Government. @foxandfriends  A great and brilliant guy who knows this subject better than anyone! The Trump Administration will take a look!

The Democrat Congresswomen have been spewing some of the most vile, hateful, and disgusting things ever said by a politician in the House or Senate, &amp; yet they get a free pass and a big embrace from the Democrat Party. Horrible anti-Israel, anti-USA, pro-terrorist &amp; public

shouting of the F...word, among many other terrible things, and the petrified Dems run for the hills. Why isnt the House voting to rebuke the filthy and hate laced things they have said? Because they are the Radical Left, and the Democrats are afraid to take them on. Sad!

The best economy in our lifetime! @IngrahamAngle

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The Obama Administration built the Cages, not the Trump Administration! DEMOCRATS MUST GIVE US THE VOTES TO CHANGE BAD IMMIGRATION LAWS

The Dems were trying to distance themselves from the four progressives, but now they are forced to embrace them. That means they are endorsing Socialism, hate of Israel and the USA! Not good for the Democrats!

They are anti-Israel, pro Al-Qaeda, and comment on the 9/11 attack, some people did something. Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders, which means drugs, crime, human trafficking, and much more

Detention facilities are not Concentration Camps! America has never been stronger than it is now  rebuilt Military, highest Stock Market EVER, lowest unemployment and more people working than ever before. Keep America Great!

We will never be a Socialist or Communist Country. IF YOU ARE NOT HAPPY HERE, YOU CAN LEAVE! It is your choice, and your choice alone. This is about love for America. Certain people HATE our Country

Here we go with the Fake Polls. Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton. ABC, NBC, CNN, @nytimes, @washingtonpost, they all got it wrong, on purpose. Suppression Polls so early? They will never learn!

to impeach President Trump on DAY ONE. Make them the face of the future of the Democrat Party, you will destroy the Democrat Party. Their policies will destroy our Country!  @LindseyGrahamSC  Need I say more?

We all know that AOC and this crowd are a bunch of Communists, they hate Israel, they hate our own Country, theyre calling the guards along our Border (the Border Patrol Agents) Concentration Camp Guards, they accuse people who support Israel as doing it for the Benjamins,

they are Anti-Semitic, they are Anti-America, we dont need to know anything about them personally, talk about their policies. I think they are American citizens who are duly elected that are running on an agenda that is disgusting, that the American people will reject

What does it mean for America to have free Healthcare for Illegal Immigrants, no criminalization of coming into our Country - See how that works for controlling Immigration! They talk about Israel like theyre a bunch of thugs, not victims of the entire region. They wanted

If Democrats want to unite around the foul language &amp; racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very unpopular &amp; unrepresentative Congresswomen, it will be interesting to see how it plays out. I can tell you that they have made Israel feel abandoned by the U.S

When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country, the people of Israel and even to the Office of the President, for the foul language they have used, and the terrible things they have said. So many people are angry at them &amp; their horrible &amp; disgusting actions!

with the U.S., and wishes it had not broken the original deal in the first place. In the meantime, we are receiving Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China, with possibly much more to come. These Tariffs are paid for by China devaluing &amp; pumping, not by the U.S. taxpayer!

Chinas 2nd Quarter growth is the slowest it has been in more than 27 years. The United States Tariffs are having a major effect on companies wanting to leave China for non-tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. This is why China wants to make a deal

We are doing great Economically as a Country, Number One, despite the Feds antiquated policy on rates and tightening. Much room to grow!

and the many terrible things they say about the United States must not be allowed to go unchallenged. If the Democrat Party wants to continue to condone such disgraceful behavior, then we look even more forward to seeing you at the ballot box in 2020!

So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who, in addition, hate Israel with a true and unbridled passion. Whenever confronted, they call their adversaries, including Nancy Pelosi, RACIST. Their disgusting language

Think what it would be without the 3 year Witch Hunt and Fake News Media, in partnership with the Democrats!

Sorry, cant let them into our Country. If too crowded, tell them not to come to USA, and tell the Dems to fix the Loopholes - Problem Solved!

Fridays tour showed vividly, to politicians and the media, how well run and clean the childrens detention centers are. Great reviews! Failing @nytimes story was FAKE! The adult single men areas were clean but crowded - also loaded up with a big percentage of criminals

Thank you, so nice, but we are getting it done anyway!

So interesting to see Progressive Democrat Congresswomen, who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe, the worst, most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world (if they even have a functioning government at all), now loudly

and viciously telling the people of the United States, the greatest and most powerful Nation on earth, how our government is to be run. Why dont they go back and help fix the totally broken and crime infested places from which they came. Then come back and show us how

it is done. These places need your help badly, you cant leave fast enough. Im sure that Nancy Pelosi would be very happy to quickly work out free travel arrangements!

A big risk of major flooding in large parts of Louisiana and all across the Gulf Coast. Please be very careful!

94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, an all time high. Ronald Reagan was 87%. Thank you!

House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy is a far superior leader than was Lame Duck Speaker Paul Ryan. Tougher, smarter and a far better fundraiser, Kevin is already closing in on 44 Million Dollars. Pauls final year numbers were, according to Breitbart, abysmal. People like

Paul Ryan almost killed the Republican Party. Weak, ineffective &amp; stupid are not exactly the qualities that Republicans, or the CITIZENS of our Country, were looking for. Right now our spirit is at an all time high, far better than the Radical Left Dems. Youll see next year!

This is one of the most horrible abuses of all. Those texts between gaga lovers would have told the whole story. Illegal deletion by Mueller. They gave us the insurance policy

Andy McCabe is a major sleazebag. Among many other things, he took massive amounts of money from Crooked Hillary reps, for wifes campaign, while Hillary was under investigation by FBI!

MUELLERS PARTISAN WITCH HUNT!

EXPOSING THE REAL 2016 ELECTION SCANDAL!

BOOMERANG OF JUSTICE @SeanHannity

Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great day in Wisconsin and Ohio!

Leaving the Great State of Ohio!

The DOW, S&amp;P 500, and NASDAQ all close the week at a new record high!

Tennessee loving Bill Hagerty, who was my Tennessee Victoy Chair and is now the very outstanding Ambassador to Japan, will be running for the U.S. Senate. He is strong on crime, borders &amp; our 2nd A. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!

I am thrilled to be back in the Great State of Wisconsin with the extraordinary men &amp; women of Derco Aerospace! We are here today to celebrate the triumphant return of American Manufacturing, and everything we are doing to keep the assembly lines rolling

We have a GREAT TEAM in Pennsylvania! Im proud to say that our good friends Lawrence Tabas &amp; Bernadette Bernie Comfort will now be working together to run the @PAGOP. Lawrence will be Chairman &amp; Bernie will Chair my Pennsylvania Campaign. We must have, &amp; do, great UNITY in PA!

Alex was a great Secretary of Labor and his service is truly appreciated. He will be replaced on an acting basis by Pat Pizzella, the current Deputy Secretary

Alex Acosta informed me this morning that he felt the constant drumbeat of press about a prosecution which took place under his watch more than 12 years ago was bad for the Administration, which he so strongly believes in, and he graciously tendered his resignation

Wow, @CNN RATINGS HAVE CRASHED. LOST ALL CREDIBILITY!

Great job by Rush Limbaugh on @foxandfriends!

companies to come to the USA and to get companies that have left us for other lands to COME BACK HOME. We  stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and fast. But very happy with the deal I made,

if Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency &amp; subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariffs. So far, little effect to consumers. Companies will relocate to U.S

When you are the big piggy bank that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed), Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producer and,  most importantly, a powerful way to get

@SebGorka Wins Big, No Contest!

The Great Rush Limbaugh will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Enjoy!

Thank you Lara and Jessie Jane!

Interesting!

Thank you!

He had the Majority &amp; blew it away with his poor leadership and bad timing. Never knew how to go after the Dems like they go after us. Couldnt get him out of Congress fast enough!

Paul Ryan, the failed V.P. candidate &amp; former Speaker of the House, whose record of achievement was atrocious (except during my first two years as President), ultimately became a long running lame duck failure, leaving his Party in the lurch both as a fundraiser &amp; leader

When Mitt chose Paul I told people thats the end of that Presidential run. He quit Congress because he didnt know how to Win. They gave me standing Os in the Great State of Wisconsin, &amp; booed him off the stage. He promised me the Wall, &amp; failed (happening anyway!)

Do you believe this kind of bravery? Amazing drug seizure. WATCH!

#SocialMediaSummit @WhiteHouse

Each of you is fulfilling a vital role in our nation  you are challenging the media gatekeepers and the corporate censors to bring the facts straight to the American People. Together, you reach more people than any television broadcast, BY FAR! #SocialMediaSummit

Similarly, Facebook Libras virtual currency will have little standing or dependability. If Facebook and other companies want to become a bank, they must seek a new Banking Charter and become subject to all Banking Regulations, just like other Banks, both National

and International. We have only one real currency in the USA, and it is stronger than ever, both dependable and reliable. It is by far the most dominant currency anywhere in the World, and it will always stay that way. It is called the United States Dollar!

I am not a fan of Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies, which are not money, and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air. Unregulated Crypto Assets can facilitate unlawful behavior, including drug trade and other illegal activity

To everyone on the Gulf Coast: As you make preparations to protect your homes &amp; loved ones from flooding &amp; the coming storm, it is imperative that you heed the directions of @FEMA, State &amp; Local Officials. We are working closely w/ them. Please be prepared, be careful, &amp; be SAFE!

Today, I am directing my Administration to explore all regulatory and legislative solutions to protect the free speech rights of ALL AMERICANS. We hope to see more transparency, more accountability, and more FREEDOM! #SocialMediaSummit

years, or maybe 10 or 14 (just kidding), they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility, or approval, from the public. Thats why they will all be Endorsing me at some point, one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden, or Alfred E. Newman

or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas (1/1024th), as your President, rather than what you have now, so great looking and smart, a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with, and finally, the Fake News Media!

A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty, bias, discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there, but for a limited period

The Fake News is not as important, or as powerful, as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November, 2016, that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six

So happy that I was able to keep Sikorsky Helicopter in the Great State of Pennsylvania. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

Dow just hit 27,000 for first time EVER!

It seems that the Brits and the French and the Germans are coming around to the idea that the Iranians are up to no good! @BillHemmer @FoxNews

Mexico is doing great at the Border, but China is letting us down in that they have not been buying the agricultural products from our great Farmers that they said they would. Hopefully they will start soon!

Will be a big and exciting day at the White House for Social Media!

Now the Democrats have asked to see 12 more people who have already spent hours with Robert Mueller, and spent a fortune on lawyers in so doing. How many bites at the apple do they get before working on Border Loopholes and Asylum. They also want to interview the highly

conflicted and compromised Mueller again. He said he was done after his last 9 minute speech, and that he had nothing more to say outside of the No Collusion, No Obstruction, Report. Enough already, go back to work! I won, unanimously, the big Emoluments case yesterday!

Democrats had to quickly take down a tweet called Kids In Cages, Inhumane Treatment at the Border, because the horrible picture used was from the Obama years. Very embarrassing! @foxandfriends

And remember, a bank that I did use years ago, the now badly written about and maligned Deutsche Bank, was then one of the largest and most prestigious banks in the world! They wanted my business, and so did many others!

The Fake News Media loves the narrative that I didnt use many banks because the banks didnt like me. No, I didnt use many banks because I didnt (dont) need their money (old fashioned, isnt it?). If I did, it would have been very easy for me to get

Robert Johnson, B.E.T. I give the President a lot of credit for moving the Economy in a positive direction thats benefiting a large number of Americans. I think the Tax Cuts clearly helped stimulate the Economy. Overall, if you look at the U.S. Economy, and you look at

the number of people who are no longer looking for jobs but who are now seeing the opportunity for job growth, youve got to give the President an A Plus for that.  Thank you Robert, one of our great business leaders!

months, the lowest since 1972. The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board, A Tale of Two Economies. @IngrahamAngle

Nearly one million more blacks and two million more Hispanics are employed than when Barrack Obama left office, and minorities account for more than half of all new jobs created during the Trump Presidency. Unemployment among black women has hovered near 5% for the last six

The Pledge of Allegiance to our great Country, in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, is under siege. That is why I am going to win the Great State of Minnesota in the 2020 Election. People are sick and tired of this stupidity and disloyalty to our wonderful USA!

The Fake News is not as important, or as powerful, as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November, 2016, that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six

years, or maybe 10 or 14 (just kidding), they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility, or approval, from the public. Thats why they will all be Endorsing me at some point, one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden, or @AlfredENeuman99,

or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas (1000/24th), as your President, rather than what you have now, so great looking and smart, a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with, and finally, the Fake News Media!

A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty, bias, discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there, but for a limited period

The White House will be hosting a very big and very important Social Media Summit today. Would I have become President without Social Media? Yes (probably)! At its conclusion, we will all go to the beautiful Rose Garden for a News Conference on the Census and Citizenship

THANK YOU BILL!

Thank you so much @JonVoight!

Thank you to Lockheed Martin, one of the USAs truly great companies!

I was just informed by Marillyn Hewson, CEO of Lockheed Martin, of her decision to keep the Sikorsky Helicopter Plant in Coatesville, Pennsylvania, open and humming! We are very proud of Pennsylvania and the people who work there

Congratulations to @DrGregMurphy1 of North Carolina (#NC03) on his great primary victory for the United States Congress. Greg is tough on Crime, Borders, and loves our Second Amendment, our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

Today, on this USMCA Day of Action, thousands of grassroots supporters are urging Congress to pass the great bipartisan USMCA. USMCA = more JOBS for American workers, more economic growth, and more OPPORTUNITY for our farmers, ranchers, and businesses. #USMCAnow

Thank you Robert Johnson!

My Administration is taking groundbreaking action to bring new hope to millions of Americans suffering from kidney disease. Today I signed an Executive Order, Advancing American Kidney Health

Word just out that I won a big part of the Deep State and Democrat induced Witch Hunt. Unanimous decision in my favor from The United States Court of Appeals For The Fourth Circuit on the ridiculous Emoluments Case. I dont make money, but lose a fortune for the honor of

serving and doing a great job as your President (including accepting Zero salary!)

Iran has long been secretly enriching, in total violation of the terrible 150 Billion Dollar deal made by John Kerry and the Obama Administration. Remember, that deal was to expire in a short number of years. Sanctions will soon be increased, substantially!

The Dems Witch Hunt continues!

done a great job of reducing crime in the African American Community because more African Americans are at work today. Trump is not a Racist, hes a Businessman. Because hes a great businessman, hes pushing for lives to be better. Michael Brown, CEO, Hydromatic Tech

Our company has grown, since Trump has taken control of the White House &amp; the Presidency, in the sense that we have better opportunities now to do what weve been wanting to do for quite some time, and that is to create manufacturing jobs. I believe that President Trump has

FBIs Christopher Steele (FAKE) Story Falls Apart: False Intel &amp; Media Contacts Were Flagged Before FISA. John Solomon, The Hill. @seanhannity

The reality is that this was a plot from the very beginning to frame Trump.... @RudyGiuliani

So now the Obama appointed judge on the Census case (Are you a Citizen of the United States?) wont let the Justice Department use the lawyers  that it wants to use. Could this be a first?

More and more the Radical Left is using Commerce to hurt their Enemy. They put out the name of a store, brand or company, and ask their so-called followers not to do business there. They dont care who gets hurt, but also dont understand that two can play that game!

A truly great, patriotic &amp; charitable man, Bernie Marcus, the co-founder of Home Depot who, at the age of 90, is coming under attack by the Radical Left Democrats with one of their often used weapons. They dont want people to shop at those GREAT stores because he contributed

to your favorite President, me! These people are vicious and totally crazed, but remember, there are far more great people (Deplorables) in this country, than bad. Do to them what they do to you. Fight for Bernie Marcus and Home Depot!

Why would Kentucky ever think of giving up the most powerful position in Congress, the Senate Majority Leader, for a freshman Senator with little power in what will hopefully be the minority party. We need Mitch in the Senate to Keep America Great!!

Democrats are coming after our great Kentucky Senator, Mitch McConnell, with someone who compared my election to September 11th

After a wonderful dinner at the @USTreasury last night with the Amir of Qatar, @TamimBinHamad, it was my great honor to welcome him to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon!

Recent strained decisions by the United States Supreme Court, some so simple as allowing the question, Are you a citizen of the United States on our very expensive Census Report, or the even more strained decisions (2) allowing the worlds most expensive &amp; pathetic

healthcare (Obamacare) to stay in place, when it would have been replaced by something far better, shows how incredibly important our upcoming 2020 Election is. I have long heard that the appointment of Supreme Court Justices is a Presidents most important decision. SO TRUE!

India has long had a field day putting Tariffs on American products. No longer acceptable!

Food Stamp participation hits 10 year low. Wow! @OANN

With President Trump at the helm, not only is America getting great again, but hes going to make our estuaries, our rivers, our water - everything better - the things he is doing, and done, are just helping America tremendously. Thank you to Bruce Hrobak @foxandfriends

Outrage is growing in the Great State of Minnesota where our Patriots are now having to fight for the right to say the Pledge of Allegiance. I will be fighting with you! @foxandfriends

I agree with the President, the Supreme Court got it wrong. There should be a question about Citizenship on the Census. A.G. Barr sees a pathway to add the Citizenship Question.  Steve Doocy @foxandfriends  Working hard on something that should be so easy. People are fed up!

The wacky Ambassador that the U.K. foisted upon the United States is not someone we are thrilled with, a very stupid guy. He should speak to his country, and Prime Minister May, about their failed Brexit negotiation, and not be upset with my criticism of how badly it was

handled. I told @theresa_may how to do that deal, but she went her own foolish way-was unable to get it done. A disaster! I dont know the Ambassador but have been told he is a pompous fool. Tell him the USA now has the best Economy &amp; Military  anywhere in the World, by far

and they are both only getting bigger, better and stronger.....Thank you, Mr. President!

Very good numbers on the economy. Much potential for growth. Trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negotiation. We have been treated very unfairly (to put it mildly) by other countries for many years, but that is changing!

Spoke to @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy about the earthquakes in California and informed him that we will be working very closely on emergency funding. Also spoke to Governor @GavinNewsom - all working together!

I have been very critical about the way the U.K. and Prime Minister Theresa May handled Brexit. What a mess she and her representatives have created. I told her how it should be done, but she decided to go another way. I do not know the Ambassador, but he is not liked or well

thought of within the U.S. We will no longer deal with him. The good news for the wonderful United Kingdom is that they will soon have a new Prime Minister. While I thoroughly enjoyed the magnificent State Visit last month, it was the Queen who I was most impressed with!

Brilliant Constitutional Lawyer, Dr. John Eastman, said the Special Prosecutor (Mueller) should have NEVER been appointed in the first place. The entire exercise was fundamentally illegal. The Witch Hunt should never happen to another President of the U.S. again. A TOTAL SCAM!

Thank you Ari!

A massive crowd that Fake News &amp; some Dems didnt want to Report!

Cute!

Impossible to believe that @FoxNews has hired @donnabrazile, the person fired by @CNN (after they tried to hide the bad facts, &amp; failed) for giving Crooked Hillary Clinton the questions to a debate, something unimaginable. Now she is all over Fox, including Shep Smith, by far

their lowest rated show. Watch the @FoxNews weekend daytime anchors, who are terrible, go after her big time. Thats what they want - but it sure is not what the audience wants!

Comcast (NBC/MSNBC) Trump haters, who do whatever Brian &amp; Steve tell them to do. Like CNN, NBC is also way down in the ratings. But @FoxNews, who failed in getting the very BORING Dem debates, is now loading up with Democrats &amp; even using Fake unsourced @nytimes as

a source of information (ask the Times what they paid for the Boston Globe, &amp; what they sold it for (lost 1.5 Billion Dollars), or their old headquarters building disaster, or their unfunded liability? @FoxNews is changing fast, but they forgot the people who got them there!

Watching @FoxNews weekend anchors is worse than watching low ratings Fake News @CNN, or Lyin Brian Williams (remember when he totally fabricated a War Story trying to make himself into a hero, &amp; got fired. A very dishonest journalist!) and the crew of degenerate

We are building the Wall now, but the reason the badly needed Wall wasnt approved in the Republican controlled House and Senate was that we had a very slim majority in the Senate, &amp; needed 9 Democrat votes. They were totally unwilling to give Wall votes to us, want Open Borders!

United States Citizens first. Border Patrol, and others in Law Enforcement, have been doing a great job. We said there was a Crisis - the Fake News &amp; the Dems said it was manufactured. Now all agree we were right, but they always knew that. They are crowded (which we

brought up, not them) because the Dems wont change the Loopholes and Asylum. Big Media Con Job!

The Fake News Media, in particular the Failing @nytimes, is writing phony and exaggerated accounts of the Border Detention Centers. First of all, people should not be entering our Country illegally, only for us to then have to care for them. We should be allowed to focus on

Congratulations to the U.S. Womens Soccer Team on winning the World Cup! Great and exciting play. America is proud of you all!

Last year was the first in 51 years where prescription drug prices actually went down, but things have been, and are being, put in place that will drive them down substantially. If Dems would work with us in a bipartisan fashion, we would get big results very fast!

Sleepy Joe Biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately, has already been very plain about the fact that he will be substantially raising everyones taxes if he becomes president. Ridiculously, all Democrats want to substantially raise taxes!

Joe Biden is a reclamation project. Some things are just not salvageable. China and other countries that ripped us off for years are begging for him. He deserted our military, our law enforcement and our healthcare. Added more debt than all other Presidents combined. Wont win!

A wonderful man and great Republican!

Great Coach, Great Guy!

Jerry will be getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom, well deserved!

Democrats must change the Loophole &amp; Asylum Laws - but they probably wont! They want Open Borders, which means massive crime and drugs!

Our Country is the envy of the World. Thank you, Mr. President!

As well as we are doing from the day after the great Election, when the Market shot right up, it could have been even better - massive additional wealth would have been created, &amp; used very well. Our most difficult problem is not our competitors, it is the Federal Reserve!

Strong jobs report, low inflation, and other countries around the world doing anything possible to take advantage of the United States, knowing that our Federal Reserve doesnt have a clue! They raised rates too soon, too often, &amp; tightened, while others did just the opposite

My deepest sympathies go out to the family and friends of great businessman and energy expert Chris Cline, his wonderful daughter, Kameron, and their friends, on the tragic accident which took place in the Bahamas. The great people of West Virginia will never forget them!

Happy Birthday to our great United States @SecretService!

Record 157,005,000 Employed; 19th Record of Trump Era

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

Tammy is a great person!

Thanks Ari!

Thank you Marc!

A great crowd of tremendous Patriots this evening, all the way back to the Washington Monument! #SaluteToAmerica

#SaluteToAmerica#July4th

Weather looking good, clearing rapidly and temperatures going down fast. See you in 45 minutes, 6:30 to 7:00 P.M. at Lincoln Memorial!

Been fully briefed on earthquake in Southern California. All seems to be very much under control!

Looks like a lot of people already heading to SALUTE TO AMERICA at Lincoln Memorial. It will be well worth the trip and wait. See you there at 6:00 P.M. Amazing music and bands. Thank you ARMY!

Great news for the Republican Party as one of the dumbest &amp; most disloyal men in Congress is quitting the Party. No Collusion, No Obstruction! Knew he couldnt get the nomination to run again in the Great State of Michigan. Already being challenged for his seat. A total loser!

People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country, SALUTE TO AMERICA, an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial, culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern

and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Air Force One will do a low &amp; loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 6:00P.M., but be there early. Then, at 9:00 P.M., a great (to put it mildly) fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!

People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country, SALUTE TO AMERICA, an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial, culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern

and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Aircraft One will do a low &amp; loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 6:00P.M., but be there early. Then, at 9:00 P.M., a great (to put it mildly) fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!

HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!

So important for our Country that the very simple and basic Are you a Citizen of the United States? question be allowed to be asked in the 2020 Census. Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice are working very hard on this, even on the 4th of July!

Todays Stock Market is the highest in the history of our great Country! This is the 104th time since the Election of 2016 that we have reached a NEW HIGH. Congratulations USA!

Iran has just issued a New Warning. Rouhani says that they will Enrich Uranium to any amount we want if there is no new Nuclear Deal. Be careful with the threats, Iran. They can come back to bite you like nobody has been bitten before!

Mexico is doing a far better job than the Democrats on the Border. Thank you Mexico!

If Illegal Immigrants are unhappy with the conditions in the quickly built or refitted detentions centers, just tell them not to come. All problems solved!

Now, if you really want to fix the Crisis at the Southern Border, both humanitarian and otherwise, tell migrants not to come into our country unless they are willing to do so legally, and hopefully through a system based on Merit. This way we have no problems at all!

Our Border Patrol people are not hospital workers, doctors or nurses. The Democrats bad Immigration Laws, which could be easily fixed, are the problem. Great job by Border Patrol, above and beyond. Many of these illegals aliens are living far better now than where they

came from, and in far safer conditions. No matter how good things actually look, even if perfect, the Democrat visitors will act shocked &amp; aghast at how terrible things are. Just Pols. If they really want to fix them, change the Immigration Laws and Loopholes. So easy to do!

The News Reports about the Department of Commerce dropping its quest to put the Citizenship Question on the Census is incorrect or, to state it differently, FAKE! We are absolutely moving forward, as we must, because of the importance of the answer to this question

Congratulations to Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher, his wonderful wife Andrea, and his entire family. You have been through much together. Glad I could help!

The cost of our great Salute to America tomorrow will be very little compared to what it is worth. We own the planes, we have the pilots, the airport is right next door (Andrews), all we need is the fuel. We own the tanks and all. Fireworks are donated by two of the greats. Nice!

China and Europe playing big currency manipulation game and pumping money into their system in order to compete with USA. We should MATCH, or continue being the dummies who sit back and politely watch as other countries continue to play their games - as they have for many years!

S&amp;P 500 hits new record high. Up 19% for the year. Congratulations!

We have the greatest economy anywhere in the world. We have the greatest military anywhere in the world. Not bad!

Our July 4th Salute to America at the Lincoln Memorial is looking to be really big. It will be the show of a lifetime!

Iran was violating the 150 Billion Dollar (plus 1.8 Billion Dollar in CASH) Nuclear Deal with the United States, and others who paid NOTHING, long before I became President - and they have now breached their stockpile limit. Not good!

A very sad time for America when the Supreme Court of the United States wont allow a question of Is this person a Citizen of the United States? to be asked on the #2020 Census! Going on for a long time. I have asked the Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice

to do whatever is necessary to bring this most vital of questions, and this very important case, to a successful conclusion. USA! USA! USA!

Thanks @RobertJeffress!

More great information from the @NatlParkService for Thursdays Fourth of July Celebration here in Washington, D.C. #SaluteToAmerica

I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton, Ph. D., U.S. Executive Dir, European Bank of Reconstruction &amp; Development to be on the board of the Federal Reserve

Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels

I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton, Ph. D., U.S. Executive Dir, European Bank of Reconstruction &amp; Development. Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels

I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Christopher Waller, Ph. D., Executive VP and Director of Research, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, Missouri, to be on the board of the Federal Reserve

Prior to his current position, Christopher served as a professor and Chair of Economics at Notre Dame

Thanks to Phantom Fireworks and Fireworks by Grucci for their generosity in donating the biggest fireworks show Washington D.C. has ever seen. CEOs Bruce Zoldan and Phil Grucci are helping to make this the greatest 4th of July celebration in our Nations history!

Robert Mueller is being asked to testify yet again. He said he could only stick to the Report, &amp; that is what he would and must do. After so much testimony &amp; total transparency, this Witch Hunt must now end. No more Do Overs. No Collusion, No Obstruction. The Great Hoax is dead!

Big 4th of July in D.C. Salute to America. The Pentagon &amp; our great Military Leaders are thrilled to be doing this &amp; showing to the American people, among other things, the strongest and most advanced Military anywhere in the World. Incredible Flyovers &amp; biggest ever Fireworks!

The Economy is the BEST IT HAS EVER BEEN! Even much of the Fake News is giving me credit for that!

As most people are aware, according to the Polls, I won EVERY debate, including the three with Crooked Hillary Clinton, despite the fact that in the first debate, they modulated the sound on me, and got caught. This crew looks somewhat easier than Crooked, but you never know?

People are fleeing New York like never before. If they own a business, they are twice as likely to flee. And if they are a victim of harassment by the A.G. of the state, like what they are doing to our great NRA, which I think will move quickly to Texas, where they are loved

Texas will defend them &amp; indemnify them against political harassment by New York State and Governor Cuomo. So many people are leaving New York for Texas and Florida that it is totally under siege. First New York taxes you too high, then they sue you, just to complete the job

Mark Levin has written a big number one bestselling book called, conspicuously and accurately, Unfreedom of the Press. It is a great book that tells it like it is, fake news and all. Keep this book number one!

I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 8:00pm on @FoxNews!

In the meantime, our teams will be meeting to work on some solutions to very long term and persistent problems. No rush, but I am sure we will ultimately get there!

It was great being with Chairman Kim Jong Un of North Korea this weekend. We had a great meeting, he looked really well and very healthy - I look forward to seeing him again soon

I am excited to announce that @MercedesSchlapp will soon be joining our Campaign. She feels so strongly about our Country &amp; its future. We are setting records in so many ways, &amp; we will keep it going. Mercedes has done a fantastic job within the Administration &amp; I am so thankful!

Thats right, The Trump Foundation gave away 100% plus, with Zero rent or expenses charged, and has been being sued by Cuomo and New York State for years - another part of the political Witch Hunt. Just in case anyone is interested - Clinton Foundation never even looked at!

New York businesses in search of anything at all they can find to make me look as bad as possible. So, on top of ridiculously high taxes, my children and companies are spending a fortune on lawyers. No wonder people and businesses are fleeing New York in record numbers!

It is very hard and expensive to live in New York. Governor Andrew Cuomo uses his Attorney General as a bludgeoning tool for his own purposes. They sue on everything, always in search of a crime. I even got sued on a Foundation which took Zero rent &amp; expenses &amp; gave away

more money than it had. Going on for years, originally brought by Crooked Hillarys Campaign Chair, A.G. Eric Schneiderman, until forced to resign for abuse against women. They never even looked at the disgusting Clinton Foundation. Now Cuomos A.G. is harassing all of my

why President Trump has to deal with North Korea the way it is now. He had to figure out what to do with the Korea mess. I think this is why the President deserves a lot of credit. Harry Kazianis, Center for the National Interest. Thank you!

In my opinion the President has done more good on the Korean issue in the last year and a half than President Obama did in eight years. If you look at the strides they made during the Obama years, which advocated strategic patience-they stuck their head in the sand. This is

Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan for hosting such a fantastic and well run G-20. There wasnt a thing that was missing or a mistake that was made. PERFECT! The people of Japan must be very proud of their Prime Minister

Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for hosting the American Delegation and me immediately following the very successful G-20 in Japan. While there, it was great to call on Chairman Kim of North Korea to have our very well covered meeting. Good things can happen for all!

Congratulations to legislators in New Jersey for not passing taxes that would have driven large numbers of high end taxpayers out of the state. Many were planning to leave, &amp; will now be staying. New York &amp; others should start changing their thought process on taxes, fast!

Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997 @WSJ Our Country is doing great!

Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997 @WallStreetJour  Our Country is doing great!

Stock had the Best First Half since 1997. @WallStreetJour  Our Country is doing great - the talk of the world!

So many amazing things happened over the last three days. All, or at least most of those things, are great for the United States. Much was accomplished!

Leaving South Korea after a wonderful meeting with Chairman Kim Jong Un. Stood on the soil of North Korea, an important statement for all, and a great honor!

The leaders of virtually every country that I met at the G-20 congratulated me on our great economy. Many countries are having difficulties on that score. We have the best economy anywhere in the world, with GREAT &amp; UNLIMITED potential looking into the future!

The highly respected Farm Journal has just announced my Approval Rating with our great Farmers at 74%, and that despite all of the Fake &amp; Corrupt News that they are forced to endure. Farmers have been unfairly treated for many years - and that is turning around FAST!

I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have toasted our new Trade Deal, a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with, and speak to, our Troops - and also go to the the DMZ (long planned). My meeting with President Moon went very well!

again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry, but things look very good! There will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China

amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies, and President Xi, I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our  National Security. Importantly, we have opened up negotiations

I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday, far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that, during the negotiation, they will begin purchasing large

I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have toasted our new Trade Deal, a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with, and speak to, our Troops - and also go the the DMZ (long planned). My meeting with President Moon went very well!

again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry, but things look very good! Their will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China

amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies, and President Xi, I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our  National Security. Importantly, we have opened up negotiations

I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday, far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that, during the negotiation, they will begin purchasing large

Thank you #G20OsakaSummit

After some very important meetings, including my meeting with President Xi of China, I will be leaving Japan for South Korea (with President Moon). While there, if Chairman Kim of North Korea sees this, I would meet him at the Border/DMZ just to shake his hand and say Hello(?)!

54% in Poll! I would be at 75% (with our great economy, maybe the best ever) if not for the Phony Witch Hunt and the Fake News Media!

I am in Japan at the G-20, representing our Country well, but I heard it was not a good day for Sleepy Joe or Crazy Bernie. One is exhausted, the other is nuts - so whats the big deal?

The Stock Market went up massively from the day after I won the Election, all the way up to the day that I took office, because of the enthusiasm for the fact that I was going to be President. That big Stock Market increase must be credited to me. If Hillary won - a Big Crash!

All Democrats just raised their hands for giving millions of illegal aliens unlimited healthcare. How about taking care of American Citizens first!? Thats the end of that race!

Great to be back in Japan for the #G20OsakaSummit

Bipartisan Humanitarian Aid Bill for the Southern Border just passed. A great job done by all! Now we must work to get rid of the Loopholes and fix Asylum. Thank you also to Mexico for the work being done on helping with Illegal Immigration - a very big difference!

Seems totally ridiculous that our government, and indeed Country, cannot ask a basic question of Citizenship in a very expensive, detailed and important Census, in this case for 2020. I have asked the lawyers if they can delay the Census, no matter how long, until the

United States Supreme Court is given additional information from which it can make a final and decisive decision on this very critical matter. Can anyone really believe that as a great Country, we are not able the ask whether or not someone is a Citizen. Only in America!

Thank you! #G20Summit

Thank you @MSNBC, real professionals! @chucktodd @maddow

I look forward to speaking with Prime Minister Modi about the fact that India, for years having put very high Tariffs against the United States, just recently increased the Tariffs even further. This is unacceptable and the Tariffs must be withdrawn!

Just stopped in Alaska and said hello to our GREAT troops!

@NBCNews and @MSNBC should be ashamed of themselves for having such a horrible technical breakdown in the middle of the debate. Truly unprofessional and only worthy of a FAKE NEWS Organization, which they are!

BORING!

These flyers depict Australias policy on Illegal Immigration. Much can be learned!

@ByronYork: What now, for those who denied a crisis at the border?

They came to me asking for help, and I got Criminal Justice Reform passed, with help from both Republicans and Democrats. Many said that nobody but President Trump could have done this. All previous administrations failed. Please ask why THEY failed to the candidates!

Ever since the passage of the Super Predator Crime Bill, pushed hard by @JoeBiden, together with Bill and Crooked Hillary Clinton, which inflicted great pain on many, but especially the African American Community, Democrats have tried and failed to pass Criminal Justice Reform

For tonights #DemDebate, be sure to follow @TeamTrump, @TrumpWarRoom, @Parscale, @KayleighMcEnany, @TimMurtaugh, and @Marc_Lotter for RAPID RESPONSE, FACT CHECKING, and the TRUTH! #MAGA #KAG Sorry, Im on Air Force One, off to save the Free World!

and all of the others who have leaked, lied and did so many other terrible things? How is it even possible that these people are not being brought forward? Because it is a Rigged Democrat Con Game, and the Fake and Corrupt Media loves every minute of it!

Why arent the Democrats in the House calling Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Page and her FBI lover (whose invaluable phone records were illegally deleted), Crooked Hillary, Podesta, Ohr (and Nellie), the GPS Fusion characters, Christopher Steele, the DNC (&amp; their missing server)

The Republican Senate just passed bipartisan humanitarian assistance for our Southern Border, 84-8! In addition to aid, Congress must close the catastrophic loopholes that are driving the Crisis. We must end incentives for Smuggling Children, Trafficking Women, and Selling Drugs

No Collusion, No Obstruction! Robert Mueller said he was done after his last 9 minute news conference, as later corrected. Now the Dems want to  give it another try. Does it ever end?

According to Fake News (and low ratings) @CNN, Democrats say hearings could change impeachment debate. Thats because they have lost the impeachment debate (80% say NO), and they are hoping that yet another DO OVER, after 2 1/2 years and $40,000,000, will turn things around

I have been in office for many years, the Military is very important to me, and at no time in my professional life has the U.S. Military been as strong as it is right now. Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC

The Democrats would save many lives if they would change our broken and very DANGEROUS Immigration Laws. It can be done instantly!

Just departed for the #G20 Summit in Osaka, Japan!

The Democrats should change the Loopholes and Asylum Laws so lives will be saved at our Southern Border. They said it was not a crisis at the Border, that it was all just manufactured. Now they admit that I was right - But they must do something about it. Fix the Laws NOW!

It was my great honor to speak at the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition Conference today in Washington, D.C. Thank you! #RTM2019

in our Countrys history, and the poverty index is also best number EVER), leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team, and Womens Soccer, but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We havent yet

invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her &amp; the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!

Womens soccer player, @mPinoe, just stated that she is not going to the F...ing White House if we win. Other than the NBA, which now refuses to call owners, owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed, Black unemployment is at the lowest level

invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her &amp; the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!

Womens soccer player, @meganrapino, just stated that she is not going to the F...ing White House if we win. Other than the NBA, which now refuses to call owners, owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed, Black unemployment is at the lowest level

in our Countrys history, and the poverty index is also best number EVER), leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team, and Womens Soccer, but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We havent yet

Democrats want Open Borders, which equals violent crime, drugs and human trafficking. They also want very high taxes, like 90%. Republicans want whats good for America - the exact opposite!

I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo today at 8:15 A.M. on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!

Too bad the Dems in Congress wont do anything at all about Border Security. They want Open Borders, which means crime. But we are getting it done, including building the Wall! More people than ever before are coming because the USA Economy is so good, the best in history

Wow, @FoxNews did great in the ratings. CNN is dead as a door nail
(no credibility), and MSNBC is dying fast. @foxandfriends and @MariaBartiromo are doing great!

Presidential Harassment!

Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina has really stepped up to the plate. Thom is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border and fights hard against Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military, our Vets and our great Second Amendment. I give Thom my Full and Total Endorsement!

Staff Sgt. David Bellavia - today, we honor your extraordinary courage, we salute your selfless service, and we thank you for carrying on the legacy of American Valor that has always made our blessed nation the strongest and mightiest in the world!

Today, it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Army Staff Sgt. David Bellavia (HERO) for his courageous actions as a squad leader in Fallujah. #MOH

A brave former fighter jet pilot and warrior, Senator Martha McSally of Arizona has done an outstanding job in D.C., and is fully supportive of our agenda  she is with us all the way

Martha is strong on Crime and Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military and Vets. She has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

Irans very ignorant and insulting statement, put out today, only shows that they do not understand reality. Any attack by Iran on anything American will be met with great and overwhelming force. In some areas, overwhelming will mean obliteration. No more John Kerry &amp; Obama!

Iran leadership doesnt understand the words nice or compassion, they never have. Sadly, the thing they do understand is Strength and Power, and the USA is by far the most powerful Military Force in the world, with 1.5 Trillion Dollars invested over the last two years alone

The wonderful Iranian people are suffering, and for no reason at all. Their leadership spends all of its money on Terror, and little on anything else. The U.S. has not forgotten Irans use of IEDs &amp; EFPs (bombs), which killed 2000 Americans, and wounded many more

Stock Market is heading for one of the best months (June) in the history of our Country. Thank you Mr. President!

I am pleased to announce the launch of  This new platform will allow my campaign and other Republicans to compete with the Democrats money machine. This has been a priority of mine and Im pleased to share that it is up and running! #KeepAmericaGreat

Despite a Federal Reserve that doesnt know what it is doing - raised rates far too fast (very low inflation, other parts of world slowing, lowering &amp; easing) &amp; did large scale tightening, $50 Billion/month, we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in US history

Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow, and GDP in the 4s or even 5s. Now they stick, like a stubborn child, when we need rates cuts, &amp; easing, to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!

Despite a Federal Reserve that doesnt know what it is doing - raised rates far to fast (very low inflation, other parts of world slowing, lowering &amp; easing) &amp; did large scale tightening, $50 Billion/month, we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in U.S. history

Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow, and GDP in the 4s or even 5s. Now they stick, like a stubborn child, when we need rates cuts, &amp; easing, to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!

a dangerous journey. We dont even need to be there in that the U.S. has just become (by far) the largest producer of Energy anywhere in the world! The U.S. request for Iran is very simple - No Nuclear Weapons and No Further Sponsoring of Terror!

China gets 91% of its Oil from the Straight, Japan 62%, &amp; many other countries likewise. So why are we protecting the shipping lanes for other countries (many years) for zero compensation. All of these countries should be protecting their own ships on what has always been

When our Country had no debt and built everything from Highways to the Military with CASH, we had a big system of Tariffs. Now we allow other countries to steal our wealth, treasure, and jobs - But no more! The USA is doing great, with unlimited upside into the future!

Wonderful Church service at Camp David. Thank you!

I want to give the Democrats every last chance to quickly negotiate simple changes to Asylum and Loopholes. This will fix the Southern Border, together with the help that Mexico is now giving us. Probably wont happen, but worth a try. Two weeks and big Deportation begins!

I never called the strike against Iran BACK, as people are incorrectly reporting, I just stopped it from going forward at this time!

At the request of Democrats, I have delayed the Illegal Immigration Removal Process (Deportation) for two weeks to see if the Democrats and Republicans can get together and work out a solution to the Asylum and Loophole problems at the Southern Border. If not, Deportations start!

Sanctions come off Iran, and they become a productive and prosperous nation again - The sooner the better!

Iran cannot have Nuclear Weapons! Under the terrible Obama plan, they would have been on their way to Nuclear in a short number of years, and existing verification is not acceptable. We are putting major additional Sanctions on Iran on Monday. I look forward to the day that

I am at Camp David working on many things, including Iran! We have a great Economy, Tariffs have been very helpful both with respect to the huge Dollars coming IN, &amp; on helping to make good Trade Deals. The Dow heading to BEST June in 80 years! Stock Market BEST June in 50 years!

Thank you Jessica!

A great book!

Looking good. We MUST WIN to KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President! @WSJ

Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President! @WallStreetJour

When people come into our Country illegally, they will be DEPORTED!

The people that Ice will apprehend have already been ordered to be deported. This means that they have run from the law and run from the courts. These are people that are supposed to go back to their home country. They broke the law by coming into the country, &amp; now by staying

proportionate to shooting down an unmanned drone. I am in no hurry, our Military is rebuilt, new,  and ready to go, by far the best in the world. Sanctions are biting &amp; more added last night. Iran can NEVER have Nuclear Weapons, not against the USA, and not against the WORLD!

On Monday they shot down an unmanned drone flying in International Waters. We were cocked &amp; loaded to retaliate last night on 3 different sights when I asked, how many will die. 150 people, sir, was the answer from a General. 10 minutes before the strike I stopped it, not

Death to America. I terminated deal, which was not even ratified by Congress, and imposed strong sanctions. They are a much weakened nation today than at the beginning of my Presidency, when they were causing major problems throughout the Middle East. Now they are Bust!

President Obama made a desperate and terrible deal with Iran - Gave them 150 Billion Dollars plus I.8 Billion Dollars in CASH! Iran was in big trouble and he bailed them out. Gave them a free path to Nuclear Weapons, and SOON. Instead of saying thank you, Iran yelled

This Russia Collusion Hoax was perpetrated in part by people inside the government, and in part by a compliant (Fake News) media. Mollie Hemingway.  @TuckerCarlson @foxandfriends  The facts are starting to pour out. Stay tuned!

Just revealed that the Failing and Desperate New York Times was feeding false stories about me, &amp; those associated with me, to the FBI. This shows the kind of unprecedented hatred I have been putting up with for years with this Crooked newspaper. Is what they have done legal?

S&amp;P closes at Record High!

It was my great honor to host Canadian Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau at the @WhiteHouse today!

Iran made a very big mistake!

The President has a really good story to tell. We have unemployment lower than weve seen in decades. We have people who stopped looking for work coming back into the labor force. We are in a record growth period. Michael Steel @MSNBC (do you believe?)

S&amp;P opens at Record High!

Since Election Day 2016, Stocks up almost 50%, Stocks gained 9.2 Trillion Dollars in value, and more than 5,000,000 new jobs added to the Economy. @LouDobbs If our opponent had won, there would have been a market crash, plain and simple! @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle

Congratulations to President Lopez Obrador  Mexico voted to ratify the USMCA today by a huge margin. Time for Congress to do the same here!

Just returning from Orlando and Doral (Miami), Florida, and heading to the Oval Office, where I will present the great Economist, Dr. Arthur Laffer, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom

I will be interviewed LIVE tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews  9 P.M. Enjoy!

asking Hillary Clinton why she deleted and acid washed her Emails AFTER getting a subpoena from Congress? Anybody else would be in jail for that, yet the Dems refuse to even bring it up. Rigged House Committee

So sad that the Democrats are putting wonderful Hope Hicks through hell, for 3 years now, after total exoneration by Robert Mueller &amp; the Mueller Report. They were unhappy with result so they want a Do Over. Very unfair &amp; costly to her. Will it ever end? Why arent they

If I didnt have the Phony Witch Hunt going on for 3 years, and if the Fake News Media and their partner in Crime, the Democrats, would have played it straight, I would be way up in the Polls right now - with our Economy, winning by 20 points. But Im winning anyway!

DEMOCRAT CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS ARE #RIGGED!

33,000 Emails that Hillary and her lawyer deleted and acid washed AFTER GETTING A SUBPOENA FROM CONGRESS? That is real Obstruction that the Dems want no part of because their hearings are RIGGED and a disgrace to our Country!

The Dems are very unhappy with the Mueller Report, so after almost 3 years, they want a Redo, or Do Over. This is extreme Presidential Harassment. They gave Crooked Hillarys people complete Immunity, yet now they bring back Hope Hicks. Why arent the Dems looking at the

THANK YOU! #Trump2020

Dont ever forget - this election is about YOU. It is about YOUR family, YOUR future, &amp; the fate of YOUR COUNTRY. We begin our campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, &amp; the only positive VISION for our Countrys future! #Trump2020

In the ultimate act of moral cowardice, not one Democrat Candidate for president - not a single one - has stood up to defend the incredible men and women of ICE and Border Patrol. They dont have the character, the virtue, or the spine! #Trump2020

On no issue are Democrats more extreme  and more depraved  than when it comes to Border Security. The Democrat Agenda of open borders is morally reprehensible. It is the great betrayal of the American Middle Class and our Country as a whole! #Trump2020

Together, we are breaking the most sacred rule in Washington Politics: we are KEEPING our promises to the American People. Because my only special interest is YOU! #Trump2020

THANK YOU ORLANDO, FLORIDA!

Join me LIVE tonight in Orlando, Florida at 8:00 P.M. Eastern as we kickoff #Trump2020. Enjoy!

Departing for Orlando, Florida with @FLOTUS Melania!

Acting Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan, who has done a wonderful job, has decided not to go forward with his confirmation process so that he can devote more time to his family

I thank Pat for his outstanding service and will be naming Secretary of the Army, Mark Esper, to be the new Acting Secretary of Defense. I know Mark, and have no doubt he will do a fantastic job!

German DAX way up due to stimulus remarks from Mario Draghi. Very unfair to the United States!

ECB officials see Rate Cut as primary tool for any new stimulus.  @business

Had a very good telephone conversation with President Xi of China. We will be having an extended meeting next week at the G-20 in Japan. Our respective teams will begin talks prior to our meeting

The Fake News doesnt report it, but Republican enthusiasm is at an all time   high. Look what is going on in Orlando, Florida, right now! People have never seen anything like it (unless you play a guitar). Going to be wild - See you later!

European Markets rose on comments (unfair to U.S.) made today by Mario D!

Mario Draghi just announced more stimulus could come, which immediately dropped the Euro against the Dollar, making it unfairly easier for them to compete against the USA. They have been getting away with this for years, along with China and others

Only a few people showed up for the so-called Impeachment rallies over the weekend. The numbers were anemic, no spirit, no hope. More importantly, No Collusion, No Obstruction!

Wow!  The State Department said it has identified 30 Security Incidents involving current or former employees and their handling of Crooked Hillary Clintons Emails. @FoxNews  This is really big. Never admitted before. Highly Classified Material. Will the Dems investigate this?

The story in the @nytimes about the U.S. escalating attacks on Russias power grid is Fake News, and the Failing New York Times knows it. They should immediately release their sources which, if they exist at all, which I doubt, are phony. Times must be held fully accountable!

Thousands of people are already lined up in Orlando, some two days before tomorrow nights big Rally. Large Screens and food trucks will be there for those that cant get into the 25,000 capacity arena. It will be a very exciting evening! Make America Great Again!

Next week ICE will begin the process of removing the millions of illegal aliens who have illicitly found their way into the United States. They will be removed as fast as they come in. Mexico, using their strong immigration laws, is doing a very good job of stopping people

long before they get to our Southern Border. Guatemala is getting ready to sign a Safe-Third Agreement. The only ones who wont do anything are the Democrats in Congress. They must vote to get rid of the loopholes, and fix asylum! If so, Border Crisis will end quickly!

@FoxNews Polls are always bad for me. They were against Crooked Hillary also. Something weird going on at Fox. Our polls show us leading in all 17 Swing States. For the record, I didnt spend 30 hours with @abcnews, but rather a tiny fraction of that. More Fake News  @BretBaier

One size doesnt fit all - I support West Virginia Schools. Keep up the great work, @WVGovernor Big Jim Justice -  I am with you!

Iran to defy Uranium Stockpile Limits

Only Fake Polls show us behind the Motley Crew. We are looking really good, but it is far too early to be focused on that. Much work to do! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Big Rally tomorrow night in Orlando, Florida, looks to be setting records. We are building large movie screens outside to take care of everybody. Over 100,000 requests. Our Country is doing great, far beyond what the haters &amp; losers thought possible - and it will only get better!

Thank you Mr. Prime Minister, a great honor!

Congratulations to Gary Woodland in winning the United States Open Golf Championship. Fantastic playing, great heart - there will be more in Garys future!

Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. I think we have a very real risk of losing the Presidency to Donald Trump. I agree, and that is the only reason they play the impeach card, which cannot be legally used!

Almost 70% in new Poll say dont impeach. So ridiculous to even be talking about this subject when all of the crimes were committed by the other side. They cant win the election fairly!

So nice!

If Republicans ever did that to the Democrats, there would be all hell to pay. It would be a scandal like no other!

When will the Fake News Media start asking Democrats if they are OK with the hiring of Christopher Steele, a foreign agent, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, to dig up dirt and write a phony Dossier against the Presidential Candidate of the opposing party

Thank you PM @Netanyahu and the State of Israel for this great honor!

Happy Fathers Day to all, including my worst and most vicious critics, of which there are fewer and fewer. This is a FANTASTIC time to be an American! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

A poll should be done on which is the more dishonest and deceitful newspaper, the Failing New York Times or the Amazon (lobbyist) Washington Post! They are both a disgrace to our Country, the Enemy of the People, but I just cant seem to figure out which is worse? The good

news is that at the end of 6 years, after America has been made GREAT again and I leave the beautiful White House (do you think the people would demand that I stay longer? KEEP AMERICA GREAT), both of these horrible papers will quickly go out of business &amp; be forever gone!

saying enough. Democrat voters want to hear the politicians talking about issues. This is a huge distraction and will only help Donald Trump get elected. @JedediahBila  Greatest President since Ronald Reagan said a counter-protester. LehighValleyLive

Yesterday was the Radical Left Democrats big Impeachment day. They worked so hard to make it something really big and special but had one problem - almost nobody showed up. The Media admits low turnout for anti-Trump rallies. @FoxNews  All around the Country people are

Congratulations to great guy Pete Hegseth and wonderful Jenny Cunningham on their engagement. They will have a fantastic life together! @foxandfriends

More and more states want to do this but their governors and leaders dont have the courage to do so. The politics will soon mandate, however, because people from California, &amp; all over the land, are demanding that Sanctuary Cities be GONE. No illegals, Drugs or Trafficking!

Florida Governor Ron DeSantis just signed Bill banning Sanctuary Cities in State, &amp; forcing all law enforcement agencies to cooperate with Federal Immigration authorities. Bill prohibits local Govt from enacting Sanctuary policies that protect undocumented immigrants...@FoxNews

ALSO, NOT TRUE! Anything goes with our Corrupt News Media today. They will do, or say, whatever it takes, with not even the slightest thought of consequence! These are true cowards and without doubt, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!

Do you believe that the Failing New York Times just did a story stating that the United States is substantially increasing Cyber Attacks on Russia. This is a virtual act of Treason by a once great paper so desperate for a story, any story, even if bad for our Country

misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do, you know!). Think I will do many more Network Interviews, as I did in 2016, in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in

the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency, including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event, enjoy the show!

I enjoyed my interview with @GStephanopoulos on @ABC. So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect &amp; distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 8:00 P.M., and is called, President Trump: 30 Hours (which is somewhat

the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency, including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event, enjoy the show!

misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do, you know!). Think I will do many more Network Interviews, as I did in 2016, in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in

I enjoyed my interview with @GStephanopoulos on @abcnews. So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect &amp; distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 8:00 P.M., and is called, President Trump: 30 Hours (which is somewhat

He is a national disgrace who is destroying the City of London!

The Corrupt News Media is totally out of control - they have given up and dont even care anymore. Mainstream Media has ZERO CREDIBILITY - TOTAL LOSERS!

LONDON needs a new mayor ASAP. Khan is a disaster - will only get worse!

Thank you Steve &amp; family!

The Trump Economy is setting records, and has a long way up to go....However, if anyone but me takes over in 2020 (I know the competition very well), there will be a Market Crash the likes of which has not been seen before! KEEP AMERICA GREAT

President Trump to launch 2020 Campaign in Florida!  @foxandfriends  Tuesday will be a Big Crowd and Big Day!

All in for Senator Steve Daines as he proposes an Amendment for a strong BAN on burning our American Flag. A no brainer!

Despite the Greatest Presidential Harassment of all time by people that are very dishonest and want to destroy our Country, we are doing great in the Polls, even better than in 2016, and will be packed at the Tuesday Announcement Rally in Orlando, Florida. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

With over a 50% Approval Rating at this point in his Presidency, analysts believe re-election in 2020 looks (very) promising! @OANN  Hey, we have accomplished more than any President in the first 2 1/2 years, WHY NOT?

The latest Polls find 51% of Americans approve of President Trumps Job Performance. Last month a Democrat Pollster said President Trumps approval rating has been the most steady of any President in history! @OANN

While Pennsylvania is BOOMING, I dont want there to be even a little glitch in Coatesville  every job counts. I want Lockhead to BOOM along with it!

Just spoke to Marillyn Hewson, CEO of @LockheedMartin, about continuing operations for the @Sikorsky in Coatesville, Pennsylvania. She will be taking it under advisement and will be  making a decision soon

Thank you @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiculous Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin Chuck will never stop. Did Senator @MarkWarner ever report speaking to a Russian!?

Thank you @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiclious Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin Chuck will never stop. Did Senator @MarkWarner ever report speaking to a Russian!?

Thank you Senator @MarshaBlackburn for fighting obstructionist Democrats led by Cryin Chuck Schumer. Democrats continue to look for a do-over on the Mueller Report and will stop at nothing to distract the American people from the great accomplishments of this Administration!

The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE! #MAGA

Announcing great, expanded HRAsbig win for small employers and workers. This is a fantastic plan! My Administration has worked very hard on creating more affordable health coverage

The Radical Left Dems are working hard, but THE PEOPLE are much smarter. Working hard, thank you!

HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our GREAT @USArmy. America loves you! #ArmyBday

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews

Natalie Harp, fighting Stage 2 Cancer and doing really well, was a GREAT guest on @foxandfriends. Right To Try is producing some truly spectacular results. Proud of Natalie!

Thank you Jason Chaffetz! #MAGA

Today we announced vital new actions that we are taking to help former inmates find a job, live a crime-free life, and succeed beyond their dreams

After 3 1/2 years, our wonderful Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be leaving the White House at the end of the month and going home to the Great State of Arkansas

She is a very special person with extraordinary talents, who has done an incredible job! I hope she decides to run for Governor of Arkansas - she would be fantastic. Sarah, thank you for a job well done!

It is the assessment of the U.S. government that Iran is responsible for todays attacks in the Gulf of Oman....
@StateDept @SecPompeo

While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!

While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with 
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!

Theyve been wrong all along!

and other really bad people, SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN! They even had an insurance policy just in case Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats lost their race for the Presidency! This is the biggest &amp; worst political scandal in the history of the United States of America. Sad!

which he is a member. When @RepAdamSchiff took calls from another person, also very successfully purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he call the FBI, or even think to call the FBI? NO! The fact is that the phony Witch Hunt is a giant scam where Democrats,

When Senator @MarkWarnerVA spoke at length, and in great detail, about extremely negative information on me, with a talented entertainer purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he immediately call the FBI? NO, in fact he didnt even tell the Senate Intelligence Committee of

I meet and talk to foreign governments every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.), the Prince of Wales, the P.M. of the United Kingdom, the P.M. of Ireland, the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about Everything! Should I immediately

call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters

call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters

I meet and talk to foreign governments every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.), the Prince of Whales, the P.M. of the United Kingdom, the P.M. of Ireland, the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about Everything! Should I immediately

The Dems fight us at every turn - in the meantime they are accomplishing nothing for the people! They have gone absolutely Loco, or Unhinged, as they like to say!

is not Constitutionally Permissable. Alan Dershowitz, Constitutional Lawyer

Congress cannot Impeach President Trump (did nothing wrong) because if they did they would be putting themselves above the law. The Constitution provides criteria for Impeachment - treason, bribery, high crimes &amp;  misdemeanors. Unless there is compelling evidence, Impeachment

much tougher game than the Republicans did when they had the House Majority. Republicans will remember! This has already been argued before the U.S. Supreme Court, but the House doesnt want to wait. This is a common thread between all of the Committees - do whatever you

can to embarrass the Trump Administration (and Republicans), attack the Trump Administration. This is campaigning by the Dems. Attorney David Bruno. So true! In the meantime they are getting NO work done on Drug Pricing, Infrastructure &amp; many other things

Unrelated to Russia, Russia, Russia (although the Radical Left doesnt use the name Russia anymore since the issuance of the Mueller Report), House Committee now plays the seldom used Contempt card on our great A.G. &amp; Sec. of Commerce - this time on the Census. Dems play a

General Michael Flynn, the 33 year war hero who has served with distinction, has not retained a good lawyer, he has retained a GREAT LAWYER, Sidney Powell. Best Wishes and Good Luck to them both!

Its about peace and Prosperity, thats how Republican Presidents get elected, and this President has delivered on the Economy and hes delivered on keeping America Stronger &amp; Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats, its the Media. John McLaughlin, pollster

Biden would be Chinas Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with Americas manufacturers &amp; workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility! @IngrahamAngle  So true!

Its about peace and Properity, thats how Republican Presidents get elected, and this President has delivered on the Economy and hes delivered on keeping America Stronger and Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats, its the Media. John McLaughlin, pollster

Biden would be Americas Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with Americas manufacturers &amp; workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility! @IngrahamAngle  So true!

Thank you very much!

is = if (Spell)! Not like Chris

Two Fantastic People! My friends from the very beginning. Thank you D&amp;S

Our Farmers deserve this, they are GREAT!

Thank you!

Michael Whatley has been with us right from the beginning. A great Leader and @NCGOP Chairman!

It was a pleasure to host my friends President Andrzej Duda and Mrs. Agata Kornhauser-Duda of Poland at the @WhiteHouse today. U.S.-Poland ties are at an all-time high. Thank you for being such an exemplary Ally!

The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. Their new weapon of choice is Fake Polling, sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls (they suppress the numbers). Had it in 2016, but this is worse

The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up &amp; dont even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!

Wow! Just got word that our June 18th, Tuesday, ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando, Florida, already has 74,000 requests for a 20,000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done, this ticket looks to be the hottest of them all. See you in Florida!

The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up &amp; dont even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!

The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. There new weapon of choice is Fake Polling, sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls (they suppress the numbers). Had it in 2016, but this is worse

Wow! Just got word that our June 18th, Tuesday, ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando, Florida, already has 74,000 requests for a 20,000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done, this tickets looks to be the hottest of them all. See you in Florida!

Someone should call Obama up. The Obama Administration spied on a rival presidential campaign using Federal Agencies. I mean, that seems like a headline to me? @TuckerCarlson  It will all start coming out, and the Witch Hunt will end. Presidential Harassment!

Beautiful afternoon in Iowa. Thank you to all of our Nations Farmers. May God bless you, and may God Bless America!

Trump administration gives final approval for year-round E15 use

Today, here in Iowa, we honor Americas cherished farming heritage. We salute your commitment to American Energy Independence  and we celebrate the bright future we are forging together powered by clean, affordable AMERICAN ETHANOL!

On my way to Iowa - just heard nearly 1,000 agriculture groups signed a letter urging Congress to approve the USMCA. Our Patriot Farmers &amp; rural America have spoken! Now Congress must do its job &amp; support these great men and women by passing the bipartisan USMCA Trade Agreement!

Why did the Democrats run if they didnt want to do things? @SenRickScott

Good day in the Stock Market. People have no idea the tremendous potential our Country has for GROWTH - and many other things!

If Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency and subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariff. So far, little effect to consumer. Companies will relocate to U.S

Companies to come to the U.S.A and to get companies that have left us for other lands to come back home. We stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and pass. But very happy with the deal I made,

Maria, Dagan, Steve, Stuart V - When you are the big piggy bank that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed), Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producers and,  most importantly, a powerful way to get

This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar, putting the U.S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way too high, added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They dont have a clue!

The United States has VERY LOW INFLATION, a beautiful thing!

This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar, putting the U.S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way to high, added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They dont have a clue!

Sad when you think about it, but Mexico right now is doing more for the United States at the Border than the Democrats in Congress! @foxandfriends

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

investigation in the Senate. They can talk to John Dean until the cows come home, were not doing anything in the Senate regarding the Mueller Report. We are going to harden our Infrastructure against 2020! @LindseyGrahamSC

Mueller has spoken. He found No Collusion between the Trump Campaign and the Russians. The bottom line is what the Democrat House is doing is trying to destroy the Trump Presidency (which has been a tremendous success), and I can assure you that were done with the Mueller

Jerry Nadlers Trump Bashing Show Is A Bust. Headline, New York Post. @foxandfriends  The Greatest Witch Hunt of all time continues. All crimes were by the other side, but the Committee refuses to even take a look. Deleting 33,000 Emails is the real Obstruction - and much more!

New book just out, The Real Deal, My Decade Fighting Battles and Winning Wars With Trump, is really wonderful. It is written by two people who are very smart &amp; know me well, George Sorial &amp; Damian Bates, as opposed to all the books where the author has no clue who I am. ENJOY!

#AmericaFIRST #MAGA

Despite the Phony Witch Hunt, we will continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you!!

Congratulations to the 2019 Indianapolis 500 Winner @IMS, @SimonPagenaud and @Team_Penske! @IndyCar

I have been briefed on the helicopter crash in New York City. Phenomenal job by our GREAT First Responders who are currently on the scene. THANK YOU for all you do 24/7/365! The Trump Administration stands ready should you need anything at all

Cant believe they are bringing in John Dean, the disgraced Nixon White House Counsel who is a paid CNN contributor. No Collusion - No Obstruction! Democrats just want a do-over which theyll never get!

Thank you @MarkLevinShow and John Eastman!

When will the Failing New York Times admit that their front page story on the  the new Mexico deal at the Border is a FRAUD and nothing more than a badly reported hit job on me, something that has been going on since the first day I announced for the presidency! Sick Journalism

We have fully signed and documented another very important part of the Immigration and Security deal with Mexico, one that the U.S. has been asking about getting for many years. It will be revealed in the not too distant future and will need a vote by Mexicos Legislative body!

We do not anticipate a problem with the vote but, if for any reason the approval is not forthcoming, Tariffs will be reinstated!

Now with our new deal, Mexico is doing more for the USA on Illegal Immigration than the Democrats. In fact, the Democrats are doing NOTHING, they want Open Borders,
which means Illigal Immigration, Drugs and Crime

The Failing @nytimes story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingly false and untrue, bad reporting, and the paper is embarrassed by it. The only problem is that they knew it was Fake News before it went out. Corrupt Media!

For two years all the Democrats talked about was the Mueller Report, because they knew that it was loaded up with 13 Angry Democrat Trump Haters, later increased to 18. But despite the bias, when the Report came out, the findings were No Collusion and facts that led to

No Obstruction. The Dems were devastated - after all this time and money spent ($40,000,000), the Mueller Report was a disaster for them. But they want a Redo, or Do Over. They are even bringing in @CNN sleazebag attorney John Dean. Sorry, no Do Overs - Go back to work!

If President Obama made the deals that I have made, both at the Border and for the Economy, the Corrupt Media would be hailing them as Incredible, &amp; a National Holiday would be immediately declared. With me, despite our record setting Economy and all that I have done, no credit!

Twitter should let the banned Conservative Voices back onto their platform, without restriction. Its called Freedom of Speech, remember. You are making a Giant Mistake!

Another false report in the Failing  @nytimes. We have been trying to get some of these Border Actions for a long time, as have other administrations, but were not able to get them, or get them in full, until our signed agreement with Mexico. Additionally, and for many years,

Mexico was not being cooperative on the Border in things we had, or didnt have, and now I have full confidence, especially after speaking to their President yesterday, that they will be very cooperative and want to get the job properly done. Importantly, some things

not mentioned in yesterday press release, one in particular, were agreed upon. That will be announced at the appropriate time. There is now going to be great cooperation between Mexico &amp; the USA, something that didnt exist for decades. However, if for some unknown reason

there is not, we can always go back to our previous, very profitable, position of Tariffs - But I dont believe that will be necessary. The Failing @nytimes, &amp; ratings challenged @CNN, will do anything possible to see our Country fail! They are truly The Enemy of the People!

I know it is not at all Presidential to hit back at the Corrupt Media, or people who work for the Corrupt Media, when they make false statements about me or the Trump Administration. Problem is, if you dont hit back, people believe the Fake News is true. So well hit back!

Little @DonnyDeutsch, whose show, like his previous shoebiz tries, is a disaster, has been saying that I had been a friend of his. This is false. He, &amp; separately @ErinBurnett, used to BEG me to be on episodes of the Apprentice (both were bad), but that was it. Hardly knew him,

other than to know he was, and is, a total Loser. When he makes statements about me, they are made up, he knows nothing!

Just watched the Great @Rick24Barry, Basketball Hall of Famer, on the @marklevinshow @FoxNews. A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man, Mark Levin, who has the number one bestselling book, Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!

Just watched the Great @RickBarry44, Backetball Hall of Famer, on the @marklevinshow @FoxNews. A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man, Mark Levin, who has the number one bestselling book, Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!

Watched MSNBC this morning just to see what the opposition was saying about events of the past week. Such lies, almost everything they were saying was the opposite of the truth. Fake News! No wonder their ratings, along with CNN, are WAY DOWN. The hatred Comcast has is amazing!

I would like to thank the President of Mexico, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, and his foreign minister, Marcelo Ebrard, together with all of the many representatives of both the United States and Mexico, for working so long and hard to get our agreement on immigration completed!

Everyone very excited about the new deal with Mexico!

Nervous Nancy Pelosi &amp; the Democrat House are getting nothing done. Perhaps they could lead the way with the USMCA, the spectacular &amp; very popular new Trade Deal that replaces NAFTA, the worst Trade Deal in the history of the U.S.A. Great for our Farmers, Manufacturers &amp; Unions!

MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!

Mexico will try very hard, and if they do that, this will be a very successful agreement for both the United States and Mexico!

Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol Council: Thats going to be a huge deal because Mexico will be using their strong Immigration Laws - A game changer. People no longer will be released into the U.S. Also, 6000 Mexican Troops at their Southern Border. Currently there are few!

While the reviews and reporting on our Border Immigration Agreement with Mexico have been very good, there has nevertheless been much false reporting (surprise!) by the Fake and Corrupt News Media, such as Comcast/NBC, CNN, @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost. These Fakers are Bad News!

I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to

stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly by the State Department. Thank you!

I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to

stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly be the State Department. Thank you!

Dow Jones has best week of the year!

Heading back to D.C. Many great things are happening for our Country!

For all of the money we are spending, NASA should NOT be talking about going to the Moon - We did that 50 years ago. They should be focused on the much bigger things we are doing, including Mars (of which the Moon is a part), Defense and Science!

Democrats are incapable of doing a good and solid Immigration Bill!

If we are able to make the deal with Mexico, &amp; there is a good chance that we will, they will begin purchasing Farm &amp; Agricultural products at very high levels, starting immediately. If we are unable to make the deal, Mexico will begin paying Tariffs at the 5% level on Monday!

and have no intention of doing anything other than going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal &amp; unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions &amp; Infrastructure!

Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement, especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy &amp; Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress

and have no intention of doing anything other going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal &amp; unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions &amp; Infrastructure!

Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement, especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy &amp; Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress,

China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U.S. is taking in Billions!

HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our great @VP Mike Pence!

#DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75

Muellers report was pure, political garbage! @SeanHannity

John Solomon: Factual errors and major omissions in the Mueller Report show that it is totally biased against Trump

#DDay75thAnniversary

Just signed Disaster Aid Bill to help Americans who have been hit by recent catastrophic storms. So important for our GREAT American farmers and ranchers. Help for GA, FL, IA, NE, NC, and CA. Puerto Rico should love President Trump. Without me, they would have been shut out!

To the men who sit behind me, and to the boys who rest in the field before me: your example will never grow old. Your legend will never tire, and your spirit - brave, unyielding, and true - will NEVER DIE! #DDay75thAnniversary

Today, we remember those who fell, and we honor all who fought, here in Normandy. They won back this ground for civilization. To more than 170 Veterans of the Second World War who join us today: You are among the very greatest Americans who will ever live! #DDay75thAnniversary

So sorry to hear about the terrible accident involving our GREAT West Point Cadets. We mourn the loss of life and pray for the injured. God Bless them ALL!

#DDay75thAnniversary

Heading over to Normandy to celebrate some of the bravest that ever lived. We are eternally grateful! #DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75

A big and beautiful day today!

The President has received glowing reviews from the British Media. Here at home, not so much. MSNBC Ramps up hateful coverage and promotes conspiracy theories during Trumps trip to Europe.  @seanhannity  The good news is that @maddow is dying in the ratings, along with @CNN!

#DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75

Immigration discussions at the White House with representatives of Mexico have ended for the day. Progress is being made, but not nearly enough! Border arrests for May are at 133,000 because of Mexico &amp; the Democrats in Congress refusing to budge on immigration reform. Further

talks with Mexico will resume tomorrow with the understanding that, if no agreement is reached, Tariffs at the 5% level will begin on Monday, with monthly increases as per schedule. The higher the Tariffs go, the higher the number of companies that will move back to the USA!

As we approach the 75th Anniversary of D-Day, we proudly commemorate those heroic and honorable patriots who gave their all for the cause of freedom during some of historys darkest hours. #DDay75

House Republicans support the President on Tariffs with Mexico all the way, &amp; that makes any measure the President takes on the Border totally Veto proof. Why wouldnt you as Republicans support him when that will allow our President to make a better deal. Thank you @GOPLeader

If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt, I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy, maybe Best Ever! If the Corrupt Media was actually fair, I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless, despite the Fake News, were doing great!

House Democrats, fresh off a Republican victory against them (in Federal Court) on the Wall,  keep asking people to come and testify regarding the No Collusion Witch Hunt. They are very unhappy with the Mueller Report, especially with his corrective letter, &amp; now want a Do Over!

Could not have been treated more warmly in the United Kingdom by the Royal Family or the people. Our relationship has never been better, and I see a very big Trade Deal down the road. This trip has been an incredible success for the President. @IngrahamAngle

@FLOTUS Melania and I send our deepest condolences to President Reuven Rivlin and the entire State of Israel upon the passing of Mrs. Nechama Rivlin. Mrs. Rivlin represented her beloved country with grace and stature. We will miss her along with all those who knew her

If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt, I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy, maybe Best Ever! If the Corrup Media was actually fair, I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless, despite the Fake News, were doing great!

I kept hearing that there would be massive rallies against me in the UK, but it was quite the opposite. The big crowds, which the Corrupt Media hates to show, were those that gathered in support of the USA and me. They were big &amp; enthusiastic as opposed to the organized flops!

Plagiarism charge against Sleepy Joe Biden on his ridiculous Climate Change Plan is a big problem, but the Corrupt Media will save him. His other problem is that he is drawing flies, not people, to his Rallies. Nobody is showing up, I mean nobody. You cant win without people!

#USStateVisit

Washed up psycho @BetteMidler was forced to apologize for a statement she attributed to me that turned out to be totally fabricated by her in order to make your great president look really bad. She got caught, just like the Fake News Media gets caught. A sick scammer!

Can you imagine Cryin Chuck Schumer saying out loud, for all to hear, that I am bluffing with respect to putting Tariffs on Mexico. What a Creep. He would rather have our Country fail with drugs &amp; Immigration than give Republicans a win. But he gave Mexico bad advice, no bluff!

Just had a big victory in Federal Court over the Democrats in the House on the desperately needed Border Wall. A big step in the right direction. Wall is under construction!

Thank you @Theresa_May!

#USStateVisit

House just passed the 19.1 Billion Dollar Disaster Aid Bill. Great, now we will get it done in the Senate! Farmers, Puerto Rico and all will be very happy

As a sign of good faith, Mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our Southern Border. They can do it if they want!

Russia has informed us that they have removed most of their people from Venezuela

London part of trip is going really well. The Queen and the entire Royal family have been fantastic. The relationship with the United Kingdom is very strong. Tremendous crowds of well wishers and people that love our Country. Havent seen any protests yet, but Im sure the

Fake News will be working hard to find them. Great love all around. Also, big Trade Deal is possible once U.K. gets rid of the shackles. Already starting to talk!

I believe that if people stoped using or subscribing to @ATT, they would be forced to make big changes at @CNN, which is dying in the ratings anyway. It is so unfair with such bad, Fake News! Why wouldnt they act. When the World watches @CNN, it gets a false picture of USA. Sad!

Just arrived in the United Kingdom. The only problem is that @CNN is the primary source of news available from the U.S. After watching it for a short while, I turned it off. All negative &amp; so much Fake News, very bad for U.S. Big ratings drop. Why doesnt owner @ATT do something?

China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U.S. is taking Billions!

Thank you!

Kahn reminds me very much of our very dumb and incompetent Mayor of NYC, de Blasio, who has also done a terrible job - only half his height. In any event, I look forward to being a great friend to the United Kingdom, and am looking very much forward to my visit. Landing now!

@SadiqKhan, who by all accounts has done a terrible job as Mayor of London, has been foolishly nasty to the visiting President of the United States, by far the most important ally of the United Kingdom. He is a stone cold loser who should focus on crime in London, not me

BIG NEWS! As I promised two weeks ago, the first shipment of LNG has just left the Cameron LNG Export Facility in Louisiana. Not only have thousands of JOBS been created in USA, were shipping freedom and opportunity abroad!

Kevin Hassett, who has done such a great job for me and the Administration, will be leaving shortly. His very talented replacement will be named as soon as I get back to the U.S. I want to thank Kevin for all he has done - he is a true friend!

Hearing word that Russia, Syria and, to a lesser extent, Iran, are bombing the hell out of Idlib Province in Syria, and indiscriminately killing many innocent civilians. The World is watching this butchery. What is the purpose, what will it get you? STOP!

Democrats cant impeach a Republican President for crimes committed by Democrats. The facts are pouring in. The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History! Congress, go back to work and help us at the Border, with Drug Prices and on Infrastructure

Mexico is sending a big delegation to talk about the Border. Problem is, theyve been talking for 25 years. We want action, not talk. They could solve the Border Crisis in one day if they so desired. Otherwise, our companies and jobs are coming back to the USA!

Peggy Noonan, the simplistic writer for Trump Haters all, is stuck in the past glory of Reagan and has no idea what is happening with the Radical Left Democrats, or how vicious and desperate they are. Mueller had to correct his ridiculous statement, Peggy never understood it!

I never called Meghan Markle nasty. Made up by the Fake News Media, and they got caught cold! Will @CNN, @nytimes and others apologize? Doubt it!

NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION, NO NOTHING! What the Democrats are trying to do is the biggest sin in the impeachment business. David Rivkin, Constitutional Scholar. Meantime, the Dems are getting nothing done in Congress. They are frozen stiff. Get back to work, much to do!

The Wall is under construction and moving along quickly, despite all of the Radical Liberal Democrat lawsuits. What are they thinking as our Country is invaded by so many people (illegals) and things (Drugs) that we do not want. Make America Great Again!

People have been saying for years that we should talk to Mexico. The problem is that Mexico is an abuser of the United States, taking but never giving. It has been this way for decades. Either they stop the invasion of our Country by Drug Dealers, Cartels, Human Traffickers

Coyotes and Illegal Immigrants, which they can do very easily, or our many companies and jobs that have been foolishly allowed to move South of the Border, will be brought back into the United States through taxation (Tariffs). America has had enough!

The Democrats are doing nothing on the Border to address the Humanitarian and National Security Crisis! Could be fixed so easily if they would vote with Republicans to fix the loopholes

The Great Jerry West will be receiving our Nations highest civilian honor, The Presidential Medal of Freedom, for his outstanding career, both on and off the court. Happy Birthday Jerry! @Sen_JoeManchin

THE TRUTH! The Witch Hunt is dead. Thank you @marcthiessen

We will all stick together and WIN! Thank you Franklin

Thank you so much, Franklin!

When you are the Piggy Bank Nation that foreign countries have been robbing and deceiving for years, the word TARIFF is a beautiful word indeed! Others must treat the United States fairly and with respect - We are no longer the fools of the past!

U.S. in order to avoid paying the 25% Tariff. Like Mexican companies will move back to the United States once the Tariff reaches the higher levels. They took many of our companies &amp; jobs, the foolish Pols let it happen, and now they will come back unless Mexico stops the

travesty that is taking place in allowing millions of people to easily meander through their country and INVADE the U.S., not to mention the Drugs &amp; Human Trafficking pouring in through Mexico. Are the Drug Lords, Cartels &amp; Coyotes really running Mexico? We will soon find out!

Washington Post got it wrong, as usual. The U.S. is charging 25% against 250 Billion Dollars of goods shipped from China, not 200 BD. Also, China is paying a heavy cost in that they will subsidize goods to keep them coming, devalue their currency, yet companies are moving to

The United States stands ready to work with @NayibBukele to advance prosperity in El Salvador and the hemisphere. Congratulations President Bukele on your inauguration!

Emmet Flood, who came to the White House to help me with the Mueller Report, will be leaving service on June 14th. He has done an outstanding job  NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION! Case Closed! Emmet is my friend, and I thank him for the GREAT JOB he has done

Spoke to Virginia Governor @RalphNortham last night, and the Mayor and Vice Mayor of Virginia Beach this morning, to offer condolences to that great community. The Federal Government is there, and will be, for whatever they may need. God bless the families and all!

I will be announcing my Second Term Presidential Run with First Lady Melania, Vice President Mike Pence, and Second Lady Karen Pence on June 18th in Orlando, Florida, at the 20,000 seat Amway Center. Join us for this Historic Rally! Tickets:

GREAT NEWS! #MAGA

As we celebrate LGBT Pride Month and recognize the outstanding contributions LGBT people have made to our great Nation, let us also stand in solidarity with the many LGBT people who live in dozens of countries worldwide that punish, imprison, or even execute individuals

on the basis of their sexual orientation. My Administration has launched a global campaign to decriminalize homosexuality and invite all nations to join us in this effort!

@SeanHannity is having a DEEP STATE SHOW tonight on Fox News at 9:00 PM (E), exposing the tremendous abuse of power that has been uncovered. Tremendous guests, a must see  Enjoy!

Saddened to hear about the loss of John Pinto, a Navajo Code Talker in World War II, over the Memorial Day Weekend. The Code Talkers are true American HEROES and John never stopped serving his fellow citizens as a longtime New Mexico State Senator. John, Rest In Peace!

90% of the Drugs coming into the United States come through Mexico &amp; our Southern Border. 80,000 people died last year, 1,000,000 people ruined. This has gone on for many years &amp; nothing has been done about it. We have a 100 Billion Dollar Trade Deficit with Mexico. Its time!

In order not to pay Tariffs, if they start rising, companies will leave Mexico, which has taken 30% of our Auto Industry, and come back home to the USA. Mexico must take back their country from the drug lords and cartels. The Tariff is about stopping drugs as well as illegals!

Mexico has taken advantage of the United States for decades. Because of the Dems, our Immigration Laws are BAD. Mexico makes a FORTUNE from the U.S., have for decades, they can easily fix this problem. Time for them to finally do what must be done!

Hard to believe that with the Crisis on the Border, the Dems wont do the quick and easy fix. Would solve the problem but they want Open Borders, which equals crime!

Congratulations to the @AF_Academy Class of 2019!

Sean Davis, The Federalist: Mueller proved his entire operation was a political hit job. Still ZERO evidence of Trump-Russia Collusion, and no new evidence from Mueller.  @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews

I will be watching @AlanDersh on @IngrahamAngle at 10:00 P.M. He speaks the truth!

at which time the Tariffs will be removed. Details from the White House to follow

On June 10th, the United States will impose a 5% Tariff on all goods coming into our Country from Mexico, until such time as illegal migrants coming through Mexico, and into our Country, STOP. The Tariff will gradually increase until the Illegal Immigration problem is remedied,

The Navy put out a disclaimer on the McCain story. Looks like the story was an exaggeration, or even Fake News - but why not, everything else is!

Yesterday, Border Patrol agents apprehended the largest group of illegal aliens ever: 1,036 people who illegally crossed the border in El Paso around 4am. Democrats need to stand by our incredible Border Patrol and finally fix the loopholes at our Border!

Just arrived in Colorado. Getting ready to deliver the commencement speech at the Air Force Academy graduation. Very exciting - probably will be broadcast live on TV. They want good ratings!

Very sad to hear the news on the passing of my friend, Senator Thad Cochran. He was a real Senator with incredible values - even flew back to Senate from Mississippi for important Healthcare Vote when he was desperately ill. Thad never let our Country (or me) down!

Robert Mueller came to the Oval Office (along with other potential candidates) seeking to be named the Director of the FBI. He had already been in that position for 12 years, I told him NO. The next day he was named Special Counsel - A total Conflict of Interest. NICE!

Comey and Brennan are turning on each other.  @kilmeade

Congressman John Ratcliffe, The Trump Campaign clearly did not conspire or collude. @FoxNews

Russia, Russia, Russia! Thats all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didnt exist. So now the Dems and their partner, the Fake News Media,

say he fought back against this phony crime that didnt exist, this horrendous false accusation, and he shouldnt fight back, he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No, Mueller didnt find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!

Russia, Russia, Russia! Thats all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didnt exist. So now the Dems and their partner, the Fake News Media,

say he fought back against this phony crime that didnt exist, this horrendous false acquisition, and he shouldnt fight back, he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No, Mueller didnt find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!

The Greatest Presidential Harassment in history. After spending $40,000,000 over two dark years, with unlimited access, people, resources and cooperation, highly conflicted Robert Mueller would have brought charges, if he had ANYTHING, but there were no charges to bring!

I was not informed about anything having to do with the Navy Ship USS John S. McCain during my recent visit to Japan. Nevertheless, @FLOTUS and I loved being with our great Military Men and Women - what a spectacular job they do!

Great show tonight @seanhannity, you really get it (9:00 P.M. @FoxNews), thats why youre Number One (by far)! Also, please tell Mark Levin congrats on having the Number One book!

How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!

Nothing changes from the Mueller Report. There was insufficient evidence and therefore, in our Country, a person is innocent. The case is closed! Thank you

If Alabama does not elect a Republican to the Senate in 2020, many of the incredible gains that we have made during my Presidency may be lost, including our Pro-Life victories. Roy Moore cannot win, and the consequences will be devastating....Judges and Supreme Court Justices!

Republicans cannot allow themselves to again lose the Senate seat in the Great State of Alabama. This time it will be for Six Years, not just Two. I have NOTHING against Roy Moore, and unlike many other Republican leaders, wanted him to win. But he didnt, and probably wont

THANK YOU JAPAN!

Back from Japan after a very successful trip. Big progress on MANY fronts. A great country with a wonderful leader in Prime Minister Abe!

I was actually sticking up for Sleepy Joe Biden while on foreign soil. Kim Jong Un called him a low IQ idiot, and many other things, whereas I related the quote of Chairman Kim as a much softer low IQ individual. Who could possibly be upset with that?

Just spoke to Governor @AsaHutchinson of the Great State of Arkansas to inform him that FEMA and the Federal Government will do whatever is necessary to help out with what has turned out to be Record Flooding. Asa and local officials are doing a great job!

@GovMikeDeWine just updated me on the devastation from the many tornadoes that struck Ohio early this morning. My Administration fully supports the people of the great State of Ohio as they begin the cleanup and recovery

Storms overnight across Ohio and many other States were very dangerous and damaging. My team continues to update me with reports from emergency managers in the States affected. Listen to your local officials and be resilient. We are with you!

GOD BLESS THE USA

Spoke with @GovStitt of Oklahoma last night from Japan because of the devastating tornadoes. Told him that @FEMA and the federal government are fully behind him and the great people of Oklahoma

Cant wait to see you all soon!

I will be making two stops this morning in Japan to visit with our Great Military, then a quick stop in Alaska and back to D.C. Meetings with Prime Minister Abe went very well, and getting to spend time with the new Emperor and Empress of Japan was a great honor!

Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular, African Americans will not be able to vote for you. I, on the other hand, was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform, which had tremendous support, &amp; helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!

Super Predator was the term associated with the 1994 Crime Bill that Sleepy Joe Biden was so heavily involved in passing. That was a dark period in American History, but has Sleepy Joe apologized? No!

Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular, African Americans will not be ble to vote for you. I, on the other hand, was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform, which had tremendous support, and helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!

Hoping things will work out with Israels coalition formation and Bibi and I can continue to make the alliance between America and Israel stronger than ever. A lot more to do!

Liz Cheney: Statements by agents investigating Trump could well be treason

#MemorialDay

The Dems are getting NOTHING done in Congress! They only want a Do-Over on Mueller!

Impeach for what, having created perhaps the greatest Economy in our Countrys history, rebuilding our Military, taking care of our Vets (Choice), Judges, Best Jobs Numbers Ever, and much more? Dems are Obstructionists!

@ianbremmer now admits that he MADE UP a completely ludicrous quote, attributing it to me. This is whats going on in the age of Fake News. People think they can say anything and get away with it. Really, the libel laws should be changed to hold Fake News Media accountable!

Great evening last night, thank you!

Congratulations to the Great (and my friend) Roger Penske on winning his 18th (UNBELIEVABLE!) Indianapolis 500. I am in Japan, very early in the morning, but I got to watch Simon drive one of the greatest races in the history of the sport. I will see them both, &amp; TEAM, at the WH!

The Great Patriots of Rolling Thunder WILL be coming back to Washington, D.C. next year, &amp; hopefully for many years to come. It is where they want to be, &amp; where they should be. Have a wonderful time today. Thank you to our great men &amp; women of the Pentagon for working it out!

Why doesnt the press apologize to President Trump for the Russian Collusion Delusion? @marklevinshow  @JudgeJeanine  How about the Dems also?

Thank you @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo! #POTUSinJapan

Tonight in Tokyo, Japan at the Rygoku Kokugikan Stadium, it was my great honor to present the first-ever U.S. Presidents Cup to Sumo Grand Champion Asanoyama. Congratulations! A great time had by all, thank you @AbeShinzo!!

Great progress being made in our Trade Negotiations with Japan. Agriculture and beef heavily in play. Much will wait until after their July elections where I anticipate big numbers!

Great fun and meeting with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo. Numerous Japanese officials told me that the Democrats would rather see the United States fail than see me or the Republican Party succeed - Death Wish!

Great morning of golf with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo at Mobara Country Club in Chiba, Japan!

North Korea fired off some small weapons, which disturbed some of my people, and others, but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me, &amp; also smiled when he called Swampman Joe Biden a low IQ individual, &amp; worse. Perhaps thats sending me a signal?

Going to play golf right now with @AbeShinzo. Japan loves the game. Tremendous fans of @JackNicklaus, @TigerWoods, and @PhilMickelson  I said what about @GaryPlayer, they said we love Gary too!

North Korea fired off some small weapons, which disturbed some of my people, and others, but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me, &amp; also smiled when he called Swampman Joe  Bidan a low IQ individual, &amp; worse. Perhaps thats sending me a signal?

In addition to great incompetence and corruption, The Smollett case in Chicago is also about a Hate Crime. Remember, MAGA COUNTRY DID IT! That turned out to be a total lie, had nothing to do with MAGA COUNTRY. Serious stuff, and not even an apology to millions of people!

Thank you John, so nice!

Another activist Obama appointed judge has just ruled against us on a section of the Southern Wall that is already under construction. This is a ruling against Border Security and in favor of crime, drugs and human trafficking. We are asking for an expedited appeal!

Getting ready to land in Japan with First Lady Melania. We look forward to seeing everyone soon!

Cant believe that Rolling Thunder would be given a hard time with permits in Washington, D.C. They are great Patriots who I have gotten to know and see in action. They love our Country and love our Flag. If I can help, I will!

Democrat Senator Mark Warner is acting and talking like he is in total control of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Their is nothing bipartisan about him. He should not be allowed to take command of that Committee. Too important! Remember when he spoke to the Russian jokester?

The real trade war began 30 years ago, and we lost. This is a bright new Age, the Age of Enlightenment. We dont lose anymore!

In Alaska with our GREAT TROOPS, departing shortly for Japan!

The Dems want a second shot at Bob Mueller, are very unhappy with the No Collusion Report. They should not be allowed to play this game any longer - no second chances - must get back to work. So bad for our Country!

(with many more to come) and 2 Supreme Court Justices - we are getting into record territory! Thank you all and have a great Memorial Day Weekend

Mitch McConnell and our Republican Senators have been very solid and strong. We have accomplished a great deal together, in particular with our Courts, 107 Federal Judges

Departed the @WhiteHouse and am now on Air Force One with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring, on behalf of the United States, His Majesty, the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo

I am on Air Force one with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring, on behalf of the United States, His Majesty, the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo

Just spoke to Prime Minister @NarendraModi where I congratulated him on his big political victory. He is a great man and leader for the people of India - they are lucky to have him!

Congratulations to Tom Cotton - his book, Sacred Duty: A Soliders Tour at Arlington National Cemetery just hit the best sellers list. I was at @ArlingtonNatl yesterday &amp; the people there were so grateful for Toms inspiring portrait of The Old Guard. Great job @TomCottonAR!

I dont know why the Radical Left Democrats want Bob Mueller to testify when he just issued a 40 Million Dollar Report that states, loud &amp; clear &amp; for all to hear, No Collusion and No Obstruction (how do you Obstruct a NO crime?) Dems are just looking for trouble and a Do-Over!

If they try to Impeach President Trump, who has done nothing wrong (No Collusion), they will end up getting him re-elected @LindseyGrahamSC Impeachment is for High Crimes and Misdemeanors. There were no High Crimes and Misdemeanors, except for those committed by the other side!

Intelligence Agencies were used against an American President. @DevinNunes  @ShannonBream @FoxNews  This should NEVER happen to a President again! Dems are furious at Robert Mueller for his findings - NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Now they should go back to work and legislate!

When is Twitter going to allow the very popular Conservative Voices that it has so viciously shut down, back into the OPEN? IT IS TIME!

Wow! CNN Ratings are WAY DOWN, record lows. People are getting tired of so many Fake Stories and Anti-Trump lies. Chris Cuomo was rewarded for lowest morning ratings with a prime time spot - which is failing badly and not helping the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon!

71% of Voters rate the Economy as Excellent or Good. The highest number in more than 18 years! @QuinnipiacPoll

PELOSI STAMMERS THROUGH NEWS CONFERENCE

Nancy Pelosi should not be out there doing the kinds of things she is doing. She will diminish herself and her membership. She cannot put a subject with a predicate in the same sentence. Whats going on?  Ed Rollins  @GreggJarrett  @LouDobbs

Today, at the request and recommendation of the Attorney General of the United States, President Donald J. Trump directed the intelligence community to quickly and fully cooperate with the Attorney Generals investigation into surveillance activities

during the 2016 Presidential election. The Attorney General has also been delegated full and complete authority to declassify information pertaining to this investigation, in accordance with the long-established standards for handling classified information

Todays action will help ensure that all Americans learn the truth about the events that occurred, and the actions that were taken, during the last Presidential election and will restore confidence in our public institutions. @PressSec

@FoxNews Poll: A majority of Americans want the Democrats to stop investigating President Trump. The Mueller Report said very strongly NO COLLUSION, which led to NO OBSTRUCTION. The Dems cant get over 2016 or the conclusive Mueller findings. They are now the Do Nothing Party!

The U.S. Senate has just approved a 19 Billion Dollar Disaster Relief Bill, with my total approval. Great!

We will never forget our fallen HEROES. It was our great honor to be with you today! #FlagsIn

Congratulations to Prime Minister @NarendraModi and his BJP party on their BIG election victory! Great things are in store for the US-India partnership with the return of PM Modi at the helm. I look forward to continuing our important work together!

@NWS and @USACEHQ are monitoring the damaging storms and flooding in Oklahoma. Listen to the warnings of your local officials and stay safe. We are with you!

Our hearts go out to the people of Missouri as they woke up to assess the damage from storms. You are strong and resilient, and we are here to assist

When the Democrats in Congress refinish, for the 5th time, their Fake work on their very disappointing Mueller Report finding, they will have the time to get the REAL work of the people done. Move quickly!

I was extremely calm yesterday with my meeting with Pelosi and Schumer, knowing that they would say I was raging, which they always do, along with their partner, the Fake News Media. Well, so many stories about the meeting use the Rage narrative anyway - Fake &amp; Corrupt Press!

Rex Tillerson, a man who is dumb as a rock and totally ill prepared and ill equipped to be Secretary of State, made up a story (he got fired) that I was out-prepared by Vladimir Putin at a meeting in Hamburg, Germany. I dont think Putin would agree. Look how the U.S. is doing!

The Democrats have become known as THE DO NOTHING PARTY!

drug prices, pre-existing conditions and our great Vets. All they are geared up to do, six committees, is squander time, day after day, trying to find anything which will be bad for me. A pure fishing expedition like this never happened before, &amp; it should never happen again!

The Democrats are getting nothing done in Congress. All of their effort is about a Re-Do of the Mueller Report, which didnt turn out the way they wanted. It is not possible for them to investigate and legislate at the same time. Their heart is not into Infrastructure, lower

Democrats dont want to fix the loopholes at the Border. They dont want to do anything. Open Borders and crime!

Zero is getting done with the Democrats in charge of the House. All they want to do is put the Mueller Report behind them and start all over again. No Do-Overs!

In a letter to her House colleagues, Nancy Pelosi said: President Trump had a temper tantrum for us all to see. This is not true. I was purposely very polite and calm, much as I was minutes later with the press in the Rose Garden. Can be easily proven. It is all such a lie!

I want to welcome you all to the @WhiteHouse as we award our very bravest law enforcement officers and firefighters our nations highest public safety award  The Medal of Valor

Democrat leadership is tearing the United States apart, but I will continue to set records for the American People  and Nancy, thank you so much for your prayers, I know you truly mean it!

But they really want a do-over! You cant investigate and legislate simultaneously - it just doesnt work that way. You cant go down two tracks at the same time. Let Chuck, Nancy, Jerry, Adam and all of the rest finish playing their games

In the meantime, my Administration is achieving things that have never been done before, including unleashing perhaps the Greatest Economy in our Countrys history

So sad that Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer will never be able to see or understand the great promise of our Country. They can continue the Witch Hunt which has already cost $40M and been a tremendous waste of time and energy for everyone in America, or get back to work

As I have long been saying, and has now been proven out, this is a Witch Hunt against the Republican Party and myself, and it was the other side that caused the problem, not us!

BETWEEN RUSSIA AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN. Mr. McGahn can be forgiven for declining the honor of appearing in Mr. Nadlers pseudo-impeachment drama.
 
Wall Street Journal Editorial Board
Today - May 21, 2019

He (Jerry Nadler) wants a show. He wants to use Mr. McGahn as a prop to spend three hours claiming that Mr. Trump tried to obstruct the Mueller investigation. YET MR. MUELLER WASNT OBSTRUCTED IN ANY WAY, HIS COPIOUS REPORT WAS RELEASED FOR ALL TO SEE, &amp; THERE WAS NO COLLUSION

The Democrats are in danger of becoming irrelevant because of their decision to keep taking the country on wild goose chases. They ought to start governing. You know, for a change.  Michael Goodwin @newyorkpost

Everybody, including me, thought that when the 40 Million Dollar Mueller Report was released with No Collusion and No Obstruction (of a crime caused by others), that was the end. But no, the Democrats want to keep it going in an effort to help them in 2020. Bad for the Country!

Much of the Wall being built at the Southern Border is a complete demolition and rebuilding of old and worthless barriers with a brand new Wall and footings. Problem is, the Haters say that is not a new Wall, but rather a renovation. Wrong, and we must build where most needed

Also, tremendous work is being done on pure renovation - fixing existing Walls that are in bad condition and ineffective, and bringing them to a very high standard!

Without the ILLEGAL Witch Hunt, my poll numbers, especially because of our historically great economy, would be at 65%. Too bad! The greatest Hoax in American History

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

The Democrats are getting ZERO work done in Congress. All they are focused on is trying to prove the Mueller Report wrong, the Witch Hunt!

After two years of an expensive and comprehensive Witch Hunt, the Democrats dont like the result and they want a DO OVER. In other words, the Witch Hunt continues!

Everything the Democrats are asking me for is based on an illegally started investigation that failed for them, especially when the Mueller Report came back with a NO COLLUSION finding. Now they say Impeach President Trump, even though he did nothin wrong, while they fish!

Congratulations to Governor @MattBevin on winning the Republican Primary for Governor tonight in the Great State of KENTUCKY. Matt, you are doing a fantastic job!

Great news for Republicans: Fred Keller has just won the hard fought for Pennsylvania Congressional contest in a LANDSLIDE, over 70% of the vote. Thanks to the thousands who showed up for the Rally last night. Congratulations to Fred and his wonderful family!

John Brennan on the Mueller probe, I dont know if I received bad information, but I THINK I SUSPECTED THAT THERE WAS MORE THAN THERE ACTUALLY WAS. Wow, he admits he was wrong! Congress should go back to work on drug prices etc

The Democrats are on a fishing expedition, wanting to interview the same people, and see the same things, as we just went through for two years with Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Dems. Never happened to a president before. Never even happened to President Obama!

After spending 40 Million Dollars, reviewing 1.4 million pages of documents, &amp; interviewing 500 people with the total support of the White House, the Mueller Report was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT to the Democrats, so they want a DO OVER. It doesnt work that way-so bad for our Country!

Shahira Knight has done a wonderful job as my Legislative Affairs Director at the White House. She was outstanding for us and for our Country - will be a tremendous success in the private sector!

Wow, Mark Levins new book opened at #1. It is great  keep it there for a long time!

Johnny, we will miss you  you did a great job!

So even though I didnt have to do it with Presidential Privilege, I allowed everyone to testify, including White House Counsel Don McGahn (for over 30 hours), to Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Trump-Hating Democrats, and they arrived

at a conclusion of NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION! The Dems were unhappy with the outcome of the $40M Mueller Report, so now they want a do-over

I am pleased to announce my nomination of Barbara Barrett of Arizona, and former Chairman of the Aerospace Corporation, to be the next Secretary of the Air Force. She will be an outstanding Secretary! #FlyFightWin

Pennsylvania - Dont forget to get out and VOTE TODAY for Republican Fred Keller for Congress. Fred is Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

Mexicos attitude is that people from other countries, including Mexico, should have the right to flow into the U.S. &amp; that U.S. taxpayers should be responsible for the tremendous costs associated w/this illegal migration. Mexico is wrong and I will soon be giving a response!

I am very disappointed that Mexico is doing virtually nothing to stop illegal immigrants from coming to our Southern Border where everyone knows that because of the Democrats, our Immigration Laws are totally flawed &amp; broken

To the great people of Kentucky, please go out and vote for Matt Bevin today. Very important. He has done a fantastic job for you and America! #MAGA

Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great evening in Pennsylvania!

Megan King, who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election, has my Full and Total Endorsement. She is tough on crime and fully understands all aspects of the law. Vote for Megan tomorrow (Tuesday)

Massive crowds in Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you for joining me!

Beautiful evening for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally tonight in Pennsylvania. Thank you, I love you! #MAGA

Landing shortly in Montoursville, Pennsylvania - see everyone shortly!

Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will do a fantastic job - I look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA

See you tonight at 7:00 P.M. Eastern, Montoursville, Pennsylvania! #MAGA

The Fake News put out a typically false statement, without any knowledge that the United States was trying to set up a negotiation with Iran. This is a false report

Iran will call us if and when they are ever ready. In the meantime, their economy continues to collapse - very sad for the Iranian people!

On this Cuban Independence Day, we stand by the people of Cuba in their quest for freedom, democracy and prosperity. The Cuban regime must end its repression of Cubans &amp; Venezuelans. The United States will not stand idly by as Cuba continues to subvert democracy in the Americas!

Looks like Bernie Sanders is history. Sleepy Joe Biden is pulling ahead and think about it, Im only here because of Sleepy Joe and the man who took him off the 1% trash heap, President O! China wants Sleepy Joe BADLY!

Why are the Democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by Crooked Hillary and the phony Russia Investigation? They would get back their credibility. Jerry Nadler, Schiff,  would have a whole new future open to them. Perhaps they could even run for President!

We have a booming economy, and working people are making gains that they havent seen in decades.  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends

Two Tweets missing from last batch, probably a Twitter error. No time for a redo! Only the Dems get redos!

was very good and highly professional to deal with - and if for any reason I didnt like them, I would have gone elsewhere....there was always plenty of money around and banks to choose from. They would be very happy to take my money. Fake News!

The Failing New York Times (it will pass away when I leave office in 6 years), and others of the Fake News Media, keep writing phony stories about how I didnt use many banks because they didnt want to do business with me. WRONG! It is because I didnt need money. Very old

fashioned, but true. When you dont need or want money, you dont need or want banks. Banks have always been available to me, they want to make money. Fake Media only says this to disparage, and always uses unnamed sources (because their sources dont even exist)

The Mainstream Media has never been as corrupt and deranged as it is today. FAKE NEWS is actually the biggest story of all and is the true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE! Thats why they refuse to cover the REAL Russia Hoax. But the American people are wise to what is going on

Now the new big story is that Trump made a lot of money and buys everything for cash, he doesnt need banks. But where did he get all of that cash? Could it be Russia? No, I built a great business and dont need banks, but if I did they would be there...and DeutscheBank

The Mainstream Media hates to cover this!

Starting Monday, our great Farmers can begin doing business again with Mexico and Canada. They have both taken the tariff penalties off of your great agricultural product. Please be sure that you are treated fairly. Any complaints should immediately go to  @SecretarySonny Perdue!

A great win for Brooks. Congratulations to a great champion!

Hard to believe that @FoxNews is wasting airtime on Mayor Pete, as Chris Wallace likes to call him. Fox is moving more and more to the losing (wrong) side in covering the Dems. They got dumped from the Democrats boring debates, and they just want in. They forgot the people

who got them there. Chris Wallace said, I actually think, whether you like his opinions or not, that Mayor Pete has a lot of substance...fascinating biography. Gee, he never speaks well of me - I like Mike Wallace better...and Alfred E. Newman will never be President!

I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

If Iran wants to fight, that will be the official end of Iran. Never threaten the United States again!

False reporting yesterday. There are no plans to send migrants to Northern or Coastal Border facilities, including Florida. @FoxNews  Not by airplanes or any other way. Our Country is FULL, will not, and can not, take you in!

Our Economy and Jobs Market is BOOMING, the best in the World and in our Countrys history - and we have just started!

With the wonderful College, University and other Graduations taking place all over the USA, there has never been a better time than now to graduate. Best jobs market ever, great housing and financing. Go out there, work hard, &amp; have a GREAT life. You deserve it. Congratulations!

I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 8:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

Watched some of the Fake News Political Shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way. The Mainstream Media should be ashamed of itself - But the good news is that the USA is wise to your game of dishonesty and deception!

Never a fan of @justinamash, a total lightweight who opposes me and some of our great Republican ideas and policies just for the sake of getting his name out there through controversy. If he actually read the biased Mueller Report, composed by 18 Angry Dems who hated Trump,

he would see that it was nevertheless strong on NO COLLUSION and, ultimately, NO OBSTRUCTION...Anyway, how do you Obstruct when there is no crime and, in fact, the crimes were committed by the other side? Justin is a loser who sadly plays right into our opponents hands!

Conditions, drug prices down for first time in 51 years (&amp; soon will drop much further), Right to Try, protecting your 2nd Amendment, big Tax &amp; Reg Cuts, 3.2 GDP, Strong Foreign Policy, &amp; much much more that nobody else would have been able to do. Our Country is doing GREAT!

For all of the Fake News Sunday Political Shows, whose bias &amp; dishonesty is greater than ever seen in our Country before, please inform your viewers that our Economy is setting records, with more people employed today than at any time in U.S. history, our Military, which

was a depleted disaster, will soon be stronger than ever before, our Vets are finally being taken care of and now have Choice, our Courts will have 145 great new Judges, and 2 Supreme Court Justices, got rid of the disastrous Individual Mandate &amp; will protect Pre-Existing

Federal Judges (many more to come), two great new Supreme Court Justices, the Mexico City Policy, and a whole new &amp; positive attitude about the Right to Life. The Radical Left, with late term abortion (and worse), is imploding on this issue. We must stick together and Win

for Life in 2020. If we are foolish and do not stay UNITED as one, all of our hard fought gains for Life can, and will, rapidly disappear!

As most people know, and for those who would like to know, I am strongly Pro-Life, with the three exceptions - Rape, Incest and protecting the Life of the mother - the same position taken by Ronald Reagan. We have come very far in the last two years with 105 wonderful new

Courts &amp; Dems in Congress, neither of which have a clue, are trying to FORCE migrants into our Country! OUR COUNTRY IS FULL, OUR DETENTION CENTERS, HOSPITALS &amp; SCHOOLS ARE PACKED. Crazy!

Thank you Dan!

Word is out that book is GREAT!

Congratulations to Scott on a GREAT WIN!

Our courageous and vigilant Armed Forces safeguard the blessings of liberty for us and for future generations by selflessly answering the call of duty. Today, and every day, we acknowledge and celebrate all who proudly wear our Nations uniforms!

Consumer Sentiment in the month of May is the highest in 15 years. Very nice! @FoxNews

Today, it was my great honor to address the the National Association of REALTORS!

With all of the Fake and Made Up News out there, Iran can have no idea what is actually going on!

It now seems the General Flynn was under investigation long before was common knowledge. It would have been impossible for me to know this but, if that was the case, and with me being one of two people who would become president, why was I not told so that I could make a change?

The Fake News Media is hurting our Country with its fraudulent and highly inaccurate coverage of Iran. It is scattershot, poorly sourced (made up), and DANGEROUS. At least Iran doesnt know what to think, which at this point may very well be a good thing!

Will Jerry Nadler ever look into the fact that Crooked Hillary deleted and acid washed 33,000 emails AFTER getting a most powerful demand notice for them from Congress?

My Campaign for President was conclusively spied on. Nothing like this has ever happened in American Politics. A really bad situation. TREASON means long jail sentences, and this was TREASON!

New Fox Poll: 58% of people say that the FBI broke the law in investigating Donald J. Trump. @foxandfriends

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

DRAIN THE SWAMP!

What happened is that Donald Trump won. Down goes Comey. @foxandfriends

Will the Democrats give our Country a badly needed immigration win before the election? Good chance!

All people that are illegally coming into the United States now will be removed from our Country at a later date as we build up our removal forces and as the laws are changed. Please do not make yourselves too comfortable, you will be leaving soon!

Border Patrol is apprehending record numbers of people at the Southern Border. The bad hombres, of which there are many, are being detained &amp; will be sent home. Those which we release under the ridiculous Catch &amp; Telease loophole, are being registered and will be removed later!

The Democrats now realize that there is a National Emergency at the Border and that, if we work together, it can be immediately fixed. We need Democrat votes and all will be well!

@BilldeBlasio is the worst Mayor in the history of New York City - he wont last long!

We are here on this beautiful spring day to unveil our plan to create a fair, modern &amp; LAWFUL system of immigration for the U.S. If adopted, our plan will transform Americas immigration system into the pride of our Nation and the envy of the modern world

Congratulations to Dan Bishop on his big Republican Primary victory in the 9th Congressional District of North Carolina. Dan is strong on Crime, Loves our Military, Vets, 2A, and great Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA

The Dems are getting another beauty to join their group. Bill de Blasio of NYC, considered the worst mayor in the U.S., will supposedly be making an announcement for president today. He is a JOKE, but if you like high taxes &amp; crime, hes your man. NYC HATES HIM!

The Fake News Washington Post, and even more Fake News New York Times, are writing stories that there is infighting with respect to my strong policy in the Middle East. There is no infighting whatsoever

Different opinions are expressed and I make a decisive and final decision - it is a very simple process. All sides, views, and policies are covered. Im sure that Iran will want to talk soon

We stand firmly, strongly, and proudly with the incredible men and women of law enforcement. You do not hear it nearly enough, but Americans across this Country love you, support you, and respect you more than you could possibly know! #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay

The courage &amp; sacrifice of our heroes is the reason our flag stands tall, our hearts beat with pride, and our Country remains one people, one family, and one NATION UNDER GOD. Today, we thank you, we honor you, &amp; we forever cherish the memory of our Fallen Men and Women in Blue!

Thank you Joe and remember, the BRAIN is much sharper also!

The golden era of American energy is now underway!

With incredible grit, skill, and pride, the 7,000 workers here at Sempra Energy are helping lead the American Energy Revolution. They are not only making our nation WEALTHIER but they are making America SAFER by building a future of American Energy INDEPENDENCE!

It is great to be here in Hackberry, Louisiana with the incredible men and women who are making America into the energy superpower of the world!

Today marks the one-year anniversary of the opening of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem, Israel. Our beautiful embassy stands as a proud reminder of our strong relationship with Israel and of the importance of keeping a promise and standing for the truth

When Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan visited with me in the @WhiteHouse two weeks ago, I told him that I would be going to the G20 in Osaka, Japan. I look forward to being with him and other World Leaders!

Our great Senator (and Star) from the State of Arkansas, @TomCottonAR, has just completed a wonderful book, Sacred Duty, about Arlington National Cemetery and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today, make it big!

China will be pumping money into their system and probably reducing interest rates, as always, in order to make up for the business they are, and will be, losing. If the Federal Reserve ever did a match, it would be game over, we win! In any event, China wants a deal!

Our great Senator (and Star) from the State of Arkansas, @TomCottonAR, has just completed a wonderful book, Sacred Duty, about Arlington National Cemetary and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today, make it big!

Our great Patriot Farmers will be one of the biggest beneficiaries of what is happening now. Hopefully China will do us the honor of continuing to buy our great farm product, the best, but if not your Country will be making up the difference based on a very high China buy

This money will come from the massive Tariffs being paid to the United States for allowing China, and others, to do business with us. The Farmers have been forgotten for many years. Their time is now!

When the time is right we will make a deal with China. My respect and friendship with President Xi is unlimited but, as I have told him many times before, this must be a great deal for the United States or it just doesnt make any sense. We have to be allowed to make up some

of the tremendous ground we have lost to China on Trade since the ridiculous one sided formation of the WTO. It will all happen, and much faster than people think!

We can make a deal with China tomorrow, before their companies start leaving so as not to lose USA business, but the last time we were close they wanted to renegotiate the deal. No way! We are in a much better position now than any deal we could have made. Will be taking in

Billions of Dollars, and moving jobs back to the USA where they belong. Other countries are already negotiating with us because they dont want this to happen to them. They must be a part of USA action. This should have been done by our leaders many years ago. Enjoy!

so that they will be more competitive for USA buyers. We are now a much bigger economy than China, and have substantially increased in size since the great 2016 Election. We are the piggy bank that everyone wants to raid and take advantage of. NO MORE!

China buys MUCH less from us than we buy from them, by almost 500 Billion Dollars, so we are in a fantastic position. Make your product at home in the USA and there is no Tariff. You can also buy from a non-Tariffed country instead of China. Many companies are leaving China

In one year Tariffs have rebuilt our Steel Industry - it is booming! We placed a 25% Tariff on dumped steel from China &amp; other countries, and we now have a big and growing industry. We had to save Steel for our defense and auto industries, both of which are coming back strong!

I met Marine Sgt. John Peck, a quadruple amputee who has received a double arm transplant, at Walter Reed in 2017. Today, it was my honor to welcome John (HERO) to the Oval, with his wonderful wife Jessica. He also wrote a book that I highly recommend, Rebuilding Sergeant Peck

Wishing former President Jimmy Carter a speedy recovery from his hip surgery earlier today. He was in such good spirits when we spoke last month - he will be fine!

Great to welcome Chairman Shin from Lotte Group to the WH. They just invested $3.1 BILLION into Louisiana-biggest investment in U.S. EVER from a South Korean company, &amp; thousands more jobs for Americans. Great partners like ROK know the U.S. economy is running stronger than ever!

Today, I officially updated my budget to include $18 million for our GREAT @SpecialOlympics, whose athletes inspire us and make our Nation so PROUD!

We must protect our Great Lakes, keeping them clean and beautiful for future generations. Thats why I am fighting for $300 million in my updated budget for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative

Under my Administration, we are restoring @NASA to greatness and we are going back to the Moon, then Mars. I am updating my budget to include an additional $1.6 billion so that we can return to Space in a BIG WAY!

My Administration will be fighting for $200 million for the Army Corps Everglades restoration work this year. Congress needs to help us complete the worlds largest intergovernmental watershed restoration project ASAP! Good for Florida and good for the environment

There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China, very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years, that they are way ahead (Our Presidents did not do the job). Therefore, China should not retaliate-will only get worse!

There is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs, which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S., 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also, the Tariffs can be

completely avoided if you buy from a non-Tariffed Country, or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea). Thats Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. Thats why China wants to make a deal so badly!

Democrat Rep. Tlaib is being slammed for her horrible and highly insensitive statement on the Holocaust. She obviously has tremendous hatred of Israel and the Jewish people. Can you imagine what would happen if I ever said what she said, and says?

Bernie Sanders, The Economy is doing well, and Im sure I dont have to give Trump any credit - Im sure hell take all the credit that he wants. Wrong Bernie, the Economy is doing GREAT, and would have CRASHED if my opponent (and yours), Crooked Hillary Clinton, had ever won!

Has anyone noticed that all the Boston @RedSox have done is WIN since coming to the White House! Others also have done very well. The White House visit is becoming the opposite of being on the cover of Sports Illustrated! By the way, the Boston players were GREAT guys!

The unexpectedly good first quarter 3.2% GDP was greatly helped by Tariffs from China. Some people just dont get it!

Also, congratulations to @OANN on the great job you are doing and the big ratings jump (thank you President Trump)!

Thank you @foxandfriends, great show this morning and congratulations on your number one (by far) rating. Well deserved!

I say openly to President Xi &amp; all of my many friends in China that China will be hurt very badly if you dont make a deal because companies will be forced to leave China for other countries. Too expensive to buy in China. You had a great deal, almost completed, &amp; you backed out!

Their is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs, which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S., 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also, the Tariffs can be

completely avoided if you by from a non-Tariffed Country, or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea). Thats Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. Thats why China wants to make a deal so badly!

There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China, very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years, that they are way ahead (Our Presidents did not do the job). Therefore, China should not retaliate-will only get worse!

Its the attack strategy of harass. This is not about the Attorney General, who is very sophisticated &amp; knows it isnt about him, its about trying to destroy President Trump through an assault on his AG for upholding the rule of law. He released a massive amount of

information! As long as President Trump is President, his opposition will use every tool, and misuse every tool available, to make his life miserable. @TomFitton @JudicialWatch @LouDobbs  Sadly, this proves I am doing a great job - Also, Best Economy and Employment Numbers EVER!

Just another abuse of power in a long series of abuses of power by the Democrats that began during the Obama Administration, continued through the Mueller FBI operation, &amp; now the baton has been passed to Jerry Nadler to continue to abuse power to harass President Trump

and the Democrat National Committee-The Democrat Party apparatus-has been caught using donor Dollars to Collude with Russian Intelligence to attack a domestic political opponent (me). The FBI has no leadership. The Director is protecting the same gang.....that tried to

overthrow the President through an illegal coup. (Recommended by previous DOJ) @TomFitton @JudicialWatch

Even Director James Clapper admits that the FBI actions against the Trump Presidential Campaign do in fact meet the definition of spying, perhaps FBI Director Christopher Wray will be the next to do so. @LouDobbs

China is DREAMING that Sleepy Joe Biden, or any of the others, gets elected in 2020. They LOVE ripping off America!

The Constitutional Crisis is the Democrats refusing to work. Let them start by fixing the mess that their Immigration Laws have caused at the Southern Border

When the Mueller Report came out showing NO Collusion with Russia (of course), it was supposed to be over, back to work for the people. But the Dems have gone nuts, and it has actually gotten worse! Hope the Republicans win back the House in 2020, or little will get done!

Ever since the Mueller Report showed No Collusion &amp; No Obstruction, the Dems have been working overtime to damage me and the Republican Party by issuing over 80 demands for documents and testimonies, and with NO REASON. Thats all they want to do - dont care about anything else!

Despite two years and millions of dollars spent, the Democrats are acting like crazed lunatics ever since the results of the Mueller Report were made public. But they knew there was NOTHING even before the Report was started. It is all a big Hoax, the biggest in American history!

The Democrats new and pathetically untrue sound bite is that we are in a Constitutional Crisis. They and their partner, the Fake News Media, are all told to say this as loud and as often as possible. They are a sad JOKE! We may have the strongest Economy in our history, best

employment numbers ever, low taxes &amp; regulations, a rebuilt military &amp; V.A., many great new judges, &amp; so much more. But we have had a giant SCAM perpetrated upon our nation, a Witch Hunt, a Treasonous Hoax. That is the Constitutional Crisis &amp; hopefully guilty people will pay!

We are right where we want to be with China. Remember, they broke the deal with us &amp; tried to renegotiate. We will be taking in Tens of Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China. Buyers of product can make it themselves in the USA (ideal), or buy it from non-Tariffed countries

We will then spend (match or better) the money that China may no longer be spending with our Great Patriot Farmers (Agriculture), which is a small percentage of total Tariffs received, and distribute the food to starving people in nations around the world! GREAT! #MAGA

Really sad!

Big attacks on Republicans and Conservatives by Social Media. Not good!

Think of it. I became President of the United States in one of the most hard fought and consequential elections in the history of our great nation. From long before I ever took office, I was under a sick &amp; unlawful investigation concerning what has become known as the Russian

Hoax. My campaign was being seriously spied upon by intel agencies and the Democrats. This never happened before in American history, and it all turned out to be a total scam, a Witch Hunt, that yielded No Collusion, No Obstruction. This must never be allowed to happen again!

The Democrats have nothing. Just want to distract from this President. The FBI was not doing its job, the State Department was covering things up everyday for Hillary. At the end of the day theyre fearful of what they did, and should be fearful. This is a tough

President who is willing to have the battle, and we have a great Attorney General who is willing to lead the battle, and they are going to get to the bottom of it. @EdRollins  @LouDobbs

I was NOT going to fire Bob Mueller, and did not fire Bob Mueller. In fact, he was allowed to finish his Report with unprecedented help from the Trump Administration. Actually, lawyer Don McGahn had a much better chance of being fired than Mueller. Never a big fan!

The only problem is that they know I am going to win (best economy &amp; employment numbers in U.S. history, &amp; much more), and the deal will become far worse for them if it has to be negotiated in my second term. Would be wise for them to act now, but love collecting BIG TARIFFS!

I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around for the next election, 2020, to see if they could get lucky &amp; have a Democrat win - in which case they would continue to rip-off the USA for $500 Billion a year

So now the Radical Left Dems dont talk about Collusion anymore, because the Mueller Report said there was No Collusion, they only want to talk about Obstruction, even though there was No Obstruction or No Crime - except for the crimes committed by the other side!

I won the 2016 Election partially based on no Tax Returns while I am under audit (which I still am), and the voters didnt care. Now the Radical Left Democrats want to again relitigate this matter. Make it a part of the 2020 Election!

Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. Its very simple!

Military spouses share an admirable legacy of unwavering devotion to their loved ones in uniform and to the cause of freedom. On Military Spouse Day, we honor our Nations military spouses and express our deep appreciation for all that they do!

Over the course of the past two days, the United States and China have held candid and constructive conversations on the status of the trade relationship between both countries. The relationship between President Xi and myself remains a very strong one, and conversations

into the future will continue. In the meantime, the United States has imposed Tariffs on China, which may or may not be removed depending on what happens with respect to future negotiations!

Great Republican vote today on Disaster Relief Bill. We will now work out a bipartisan solution that gets relief for our great States and Farmers. Thank you to all. Get me a Bill that I can quickly sign!

We have been engaged in an unfair relationship with China for a long time. They have reneged on the commitments they made to the WTO, particularly around intellectual property. Carly Fiorina @MariaBartiromo

Looks to me like its going to be SleepyCreepy Joe over Crazy Bernie. Everyone else is fading fast!

Great Consumer Price Index just out. Really good, very low inflation! We have a great chance to really rock! Good numbers all around

Your all time favorite President got tired of waiting for China to help out and start buying from our FARMERS, the greatest anywhere in the World!

Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!

If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!

Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!

The average 401(k) balance has SOARED since the bottom of the market - 466%. Wow!

Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER, not weaker. Just sit back and watch! In the meantime, China should not renegotiate deals with the U.S. at the last minute. This is not the Obama Administration, or the Administration of Sleepy Joe, who let China get away with murder!

Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!

The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp; products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy

agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor &amp; starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!

Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25% on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods &amp; products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U.S

V.P. Mike Pence will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!

We have lost 500 Billion Dollars a year, for many years, on Crazy Trade with China. NO MORE!

The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp; products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy

agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor &amp; starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!

Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!

If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!

Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!

agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor &amp; starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!

Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!

If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!

Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25% on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods &amp; products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U.S

The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp; products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy

Republicans must stick together!

James Comey is a disgrace to the FBI &amp; will go down as the worst Director in its long and once proud history. He brought the FBI down, almost all Republicans &amp; Democrats thought he should be FIRED, but the FBI will regain greatness because of the great men &amp; women who work there!

House Republicans should not vote for the BAD DEMOCRAT Disaster Supplemental Bill which hurts our States, Farmers &amp; Border Security. Up for vote tomorrow. We want to do much better than this. All sides keep working and send a good BILL for immediate signing!

Today, it was my honor to welcome the 2018 World Series Champion Boston @RedSox to the @WhiteHouse!

Great news today: My Administration just secured a historic donation of HIV prevention drugs from Gilead to help expand access to PrEP for the uninsured and those at risk. Will help us achieve our goal of ending the HIV epidemic in America!

After a great rally in Panama City Beach, Florida - I am returning to Washington, D.C. with @SenRickScott and Senator @MarcoRubio, discussing the terrible abuses by Maduro. America stands with the GREAT PEOPLE of Venezuela for however long it takes!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Beautiful evening in Panama City Beach, Florida. Thank you! #MAGA

Big crowds in Panama City Beach, Florida. See everyone in 30 minutes! @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson @SeanHannity

Just landed in Panama City Beach, Florida for a rally beginning at 8:00 P.M. Eastern. Will be live on @FoxNews! #MAGA @tuckercarlson @seanhannity

Big announcement today: Drug companies have to come clean about their prices in TV ads. Historic transparency for American patients is here. If drug companies are ashamed of those priceslower them!

The reality is, with the Tariffs, the economy has grown more rapidly in the United States and much more slowly in China. Peter Morici, Former Chief Economist, USITC

Getting ready to leave for one of my favorite places, the Florida Panhandle, where weve given, and are giving, billions of $$$ for the devastation caused by Hurricane Michael. Even though the Dems are totally in our way (they dont want money to go there) were getting it done!

Thank you @NewtGingrich &amp; @FoxandFriends!

Our Nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in Colorado. God be with the families and thank you to the First Responders for bravely intervening. We are in close contact with Law Enforcement

Republicans shouldnt vote for H.R. 312, a special interest casino Bill, backed by Elizabeth (Pocahontas) Warren. It is unfair and doesnt treat Native Americans equally!

in 3 separate locations, creating another 450 jobs. I have been working nicely with GM to get this done. Thank you to Mary B, your GREAT Governor, and Senator Rob Portman. With all the car companies coming back, and much more, THE USA IS BOOMING!

GREAT NEWS FOR OHIO! Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors, who informed me that, subject to a UAW agreement etc., GM will be selling their beautiful Lordstown Plant to Workhorse, where they plan to build Electric Trucks. GM will also be spending $700,000,000 in Ohio

This British Spy, Christopher Steele, tried so hard to get this (the Fake Dossier) out before the Election. Why?  @kilmeade @foxandfriends

Everyone wants to know who needs to be accountable, because it took up two years of our lives talking about this Russian involvement. It proved No Collusion, &amp; people want to trace it back to see how this all happened? @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  TREASONOUS HOAX!

Big Court win at our Southern Border! We are getting there - and Wall is being built!

Shouldnt 2015 and 2016 be revealed, how Intelligence Agencies, FBI, tried to sabotage a particular campaign - never been done before? @SteveForbesCEO @MariaBartiromo

The real Obstruction of Justice is what the Democrats are trying to do to this Attorney General. Congressman Jim Jordan (R-Ohio). @MariaBartiromo

Guess what, thats not going to happen! China has just informed us that they (Vice-Premier) are now coming to the U.S. to make a deal. Well see, but I am very happy with over $100 Billion a year in Tariffs filling U.S. coffers...great for U.S., not good for China!

The reason for the China pullback &amp; attempted renegotiation of the Trade Deal is the sincere HOPE that they will be able to negotiate with Joe Biden or one of the very weak Democrats, and thereby continue to ripoff the United States (($500 Billion a year)) for years to come

Real estate developers in the 1980s &amp; 1990s, more than 30 years ago, were entitled to massive write offs and depreciation which would, if one was actively building, show losses and tax losses in almost all cases. Much was non monetary. Sometimes considered tax shelter,

you would get it by building, or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real estate developers did - and often re-negotiate with banks, it was sport. Additionally, the very old information put out is a highly inaccurate Fake News hit job!

CASE CLOSED! @SenateMajLDR

McConnell Backs Trump: Mueller Report Is Case Closed | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews

I am pleased to inform you that THE BIG FIREWORKS, after many years of not having any, are coming back to beautiful Mount Rushmore in South Dakota. Great work @GovKristiNoem and @SecBernhardt! #MAGA

He wants to impeach because they cant win election. Sad!

Forgotten Man Story: Under Trump, Red Counties Economically Thrive  via @BreitbartNews

Congratulations @TigerWoods - you are truly one of a kind!

Democrats in Congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the Southern Border. If not, harsh measures will have to be taken!

Today, it was my true honor to present the Commander-in-Chiefs Trophyfor the second year in a row, to the @ArmyWP_Football Black Knights. Congratulations once again on your historic victories, and keep on making us proud!

Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football!

Just spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan concerning North Korea and Trade. Very good conversation!

Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief, 91 Billion Dollars, than any State in the history of the U.S. As an example, Florida got $12 Billion &amp; Texas $39 Billion for their monster hurricanes. Now the Democrats are saying NO Relief to

Alabama, Iowa, Nebraska, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Puerto Rico. The Dems dont want farmers to get any help. Puerto Rico should be very happy and the Dems should stop blocking much needed Disaster Relief!

Scott Walker is 100% correct when he says that the Republicans must WAKE UP to the Democrats State by State power grab. They play very dirty, actually, like never before. Dont allow them to get away with what they are doing!

The United States has been losing, for many years, 600 to 800 Billion Dollars a year on Trade. With China we lose 500 Billion Dollars. Sorry, were not going to be doing that anymore!

Democrat Texas Congressman Al Green says impeachment is the only thing that can prevent President Trump from re-election in 2020. @OANN  In other words, Dems cant win the election fairly. You cant impeach a president for creating the best economy in our countrys history

Also, there are No High Crimes &amp; Misdemeanors, No Collusion, No Conspiracy, No Obstruction. ALL THE CRIMES ARE ON THE OTHER SIDE, and thats what the Dems should be looking at, but they wont. Nevertheless, the tables are turning!

Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President, including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history, they have stolen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back

The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Once again, Israel faces a barrage of deadly rocket attacks by terrorist groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad. We support Israel 100% in its defense of its citizens

To the Gazan people  these terrorist acts against Israel will bring you nothing but more misery. END the violence and work towards peace - it can happen!

Pending the confirmation of Mark Morgan as our Nations new ICE Director, Matt Albence will serve in the role of Acting Director. Matt is tough and dedicated and has my full support to deploy ICE to the maximum extent of the law! #MAGA

Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President, including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history, they have stollen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back

The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

This is not Congressional Oversight, this is bullying. Jason Riley, The Wall Street Journal

The Report sounded an awful lot as being Comeyesque, in other words, Im not going to charge this person (there wasnt even close to being a crime), but Im going to criticize him on the way out the door. Thats unfortunate because its stepping outside of the role. Robert Ray

After spending more than $35,000,000 over a two year period, interviewing 500 people, using 18 Trump Hating Angry Democrats &amp; 49 FBI Agents - all culminating in a more than 400 page Report showing NO COLLUSION - why would the Democrats in Congress now need Robert Mueller

to testify. Are they looking for a redo because they hated seeing the strong NO COLLUSION conclusion? There was no crime, except on the other side (incredibly not covered in the Report), and NO OBSTRUCTION. Bob Mueller should not testify. No redos for the Dems!

For 10 months, China has been paying Tariffs to the USA of 25% on 50 Billion Dollars of High Tech, and 10% on 200 Billion Dollars of other goods. These payments are partially responsible for our great economic results. The 10% will go up to 25% on Friday. 325 Billions Dollars

of additional goods sent to us by China remain untaxed, but will be shortly, at a rate of 25%. The Tariffs paid to the USA have had little impact on product cost, mostly borne by China. The Trade Deal with China continues, but too slowly, as they attempt to renegotiate. No!

The Kentucky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough &amp; tumble race on a wet and sloppy track, actually, a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!

I am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong, fair and sound Immigration Policy that Mark Morgan will be joining the Trump Administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ICE. Mark is a true believer and American Patriot. He will do a great job!

The Kentuky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough and tumble race on a wet and sloppy track, actually, a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!

Mike has been a fantastic Senator!

How can it be possible that James Woods (and many others), a strong but responsible Conservative Voice, is banned from Twitter? Social Media &amp; Fake News Media, together with their partner, the Democrat Party, have no idea the problems they are causing for themselves. VERY UNFAIR!

Today, May 4th - is International Firefighters Day! We remember all of those who put their lives on the line to save others, and are grateful to those who continue to do so 24/7/365. We love our great firefighters, thank you! #ThankAFirefighter

Very good call yesterday with President Putin of Russia. Tremendous potential for a good/great relationship with Russia, despite what you read and see in the Fake News Media. Look how they have misled you on Russia Collusion. The World can be a better and safer place. Nice!

Anything in this very interesting world is possible, but I believe that Kim Jong Un fully realizes the great economic potential of North Korea, &amp; will do nothing to interfere or end it. He also knows that I am with him &amp; does not want to break his promise to me. Deal will happen!

When will the Radical Left Wing Media apologize to me for knowingly getting the Russia Collusion Delusion story so wrong? The real story is about to happen! Why is @nytimes, @washingtonpost, @CNN, @MSNBC allowed to be on Twitter &amp; Facebook. Much of what they do is FAKE NEWS!

So great to watch this!

There is nothing easy about a USA Infrastructure Plan, especially when our great Country has spent an astounding 7 trillion dollars in the Middle East over the last 19 years, but I am looking hard at a bipartisan plan of 1 to 2 trillion dollars. Badly needed!

They wanted to know what Trump was up to with the Russians - which of course is nonsense. This whole thing was a complete setup. George Papadopoulos to @seanhannity

As the great people of IA, IL, &amp; MO continue to confront the devastating flooding, know we are here for you and ready to help! My team remains in close contact with @IAGovernor, @GovParsonMO, @GovPritzker, and the local officials managing the impacts of the destructive flooding

So surprised to see Conservative thinkers like James Woods banned from Twitter, and Paul Watson banned from Facebook!

The wonderful Diamond and Silk have been treated so horribly by Facebook. They work so hard and what has been done to them is very sad - and were looking into. Its getting worse and worse for Conservatives on social media!

I am continuing to monitor the censorship of AMERICAN CITIZENS on social media platforms. This is the United States of America  and we have whats known as FREEDOM OF SPEECH! We are monitoring and watching, closely!!

The International Association of Firefighters Union is rebelling on their very foolish leader. Perhaps they will vote him out of office. He doesnt get it!

Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Rep. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He will do a fantastic job!

Had a long and very good conversation with President Putin of Russia. As I have always said, long before the Witch Hunt started, getting along with Russia, China, and everyone is a good thing, not a bad thing

We discussed Trade, Venezuela, Ukraine, North Korea, Nuclear Arms Control and even the Russian Hoax. Very productive talk!

We can all agree that AMERICA is now #1. We are the ENVY of the WORLD  and the best is yet to come!

The U.S. Created 263,000 Jobs in April, Unemployment Fell to Lowest Level Since 1969

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

Jobs surge in April, unemployment rate falls to the lowest since 1969

Finally, Mainstream Media is getting involved - too hot to avoid. Pulitzer Prize anyone? The New York Times, on front page (finally), Details effort to spy on Trump Campaign. @foxandfriends  This is bigger than WATERGATE, but the reverse!

OK, so after two years of hard work and each party trying their best to make the other party look as bad as possible, its time to get back to business. The Mueller Report strongly stated that there was No Collusion with Russia (of course) and, in fact, they were rebuffed

at every turn in attempts to gain access. But now Republicans and Democrats must come together for the good of the American people. No more costly &amp; time consuming investigations. Lets do Immigration (Border), Infrastructure, much lower drug prices &amp; much more - and do it now!

Thank you, working hard! #MAGA

Proclamation on Days of Remembrance of Victims of the Holocaust:

Congrats to @U_S_Steel for investing $1+ BILLION in Americas most INNOVATIVE steel mill. 232 Tariffs make Pennsylvania and USA more prosperous/secure by bringing Steel and Aluminum industries BACK. Tariffs are working. Pittsburgh is again The Steel City. USA Economy is BOOMING!

On this day of prayer, we once again place our hopes in the hands of our Creator. We give thanks for this wondrous land of liberty, &amp; we pray that THIS nation  OUR home  these United States  will forever be strengthened by the Goodness and the Grace &amp; the eternal GLORY OF GOD!

As we unite on this day of prayer, we renew our resolve to protect communities of faith  and ensure that ALL of our people can live, pray and worship IN PEACE. #NationalDayOfPrayer

and deregulation which have produced non-inflationary prosperity for all Americans. Ive asked Steve to work with me toward future economic growth in our Country

Steve Moore, a great pro-growth economist and a truly fine person, has decided to withdraw from the Fed process. Steve won the battle of ideas including Tax Cuts

The Mueller Witch Hunt is completely OVER! @SeanHannity

The Collusion Delusion is OVER!

I am continuing to monitor the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!

NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Besides, how can you have Obstruction when not only was there No Collusion (by Trump), but the bad actions were done by the other side? The greatest con-job in the history of American Politics!

Why didnt President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING, and had no intention of doing anything!

Congress must change the Immigration Laws now, Dems wont act. Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year. Mexico must stop the march to Border! @foxandfriends

No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents. Still, the Presidents record is unparalleled. @LouDobbs

Gallup Poll: 56% of Americans rate their financial situation as excellent or good. This is the highest number since 2002, and up 10 points since 2016

I am overriding the Decommission Order of the magnificent aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman, built in 1998 (fairly new), and considered one of the largest and finest in the world. It will be updated at a fraction of the cost of a new one (which also are being built)!

The Democrats cant come to grips with the fact that there was No Collusion, there was No Conspiracy, there was No Obstruction. What we should be focused on is whats been going on in our government, at the highest levels of the FBI.... Senator Josh Hawley

Ive done more for Firefighters than this dues sucking union will ever do, and I get paid ZERO!

Today, it was my great honor to welcome and host the 2018 @NASCAR Cup Series Champion, @JoeyLogano and @Team_Penske to the @WhiteHouse!

If Cuban Troops and Militia do not immediately CEASE military and other operations for the purpose of causing death and destruction to the Constitution of Venezuela, a full and complete

embargo, together with highest-level sanctions, will be placed on the island of Cuba. Hopefully, all Cuban soldiers will promptly and peacefully return to their island!

CONGRATULATIONS to the 2018 @NASCAR Cup Series Champion, @JoeyLogano!

I am monitoring the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!

up like a rocket if we did some lowering of rates, like one point, and some quantitative easing. Yes, we are doing very well at 3.2% GDP, but with our wonderfully low inflation, we could be setting major records &amp;, at the same time, make our National Debt start to look small!

China is adding great stimulus to its economy while at the same time keeping interest rates low. Our Federal Reserve has incessantly lifted interest rates, even though inflation is very low, and instituted a very big dose of quantitative tightening. We have the potential to go

European countries are not helping at all, even though this was very much done for their benefit. They are refusing to take back prisoners from their specific countries. Not good!

We have 1,800 ISIS Prisoners taken hostage in our final battles to destroy 100% of the Caliphate in Syria. Decisions are now being made as to what to do with these dangerous prisoners

If the Democrats dont give us the votes to change our weak, ineffective and dangerous Immigration Laws, we must fight hard for these votes in the 2020 Election!

The Coyotes and Drug Cartels are in total control of the Mexico side of the Southern Border. They have labs nearby where they make drugs to sell into the U.S. Mexico, one of the most dangerous countrys in the world, must eradicate this problem now. Also, stop the MARCH to U.S

Pittsburgh jobless rate hits lowest point since the early 1970s (maybe even better than that) and Sleepy Joe just had his first rally there. Fact is, every economic aspect of our Country is the best it has ever been!

The New York Times has apologized for the terrible Anti-Semitic Cartoon, but they havent apologized to me for this or all of the Fake and Corrupt news they print on a daily basis. They have reached the lowest level of journalism, and certainly a low point in @nytimes history!

Bob Mueller was a great HERO to the Radical Left Democrats. Now that the Mueller Report is finished, with a finding of NO COLLUSION &amp; NO OBSTRUCTION (based on a review of Report by our highly respected A.G.), the Dems are going around saying, Bob who, sorry, dont know the man

The Dues Sucking firefighters leadership will always support Democrats, even though the membership wants me. Some things never change!

Sleepy Joe Biden is having his first rally in the Great State of Pennsylvania. He obviously doesnt know that Pennsylvania is having one of the best economic years in its history, with lowest unemployment EVER, a now thriving Steel Industry (that was dead) &amp; great future!

The Media (Fake News) is pushing Sleepy Joe hard. Funny, Im only here because of Biden &amp; Obama. They didnt do the job and now you have Trump, who is getting it done - big time!

Ill never get the support of Dues Crazy union leadership, those people who rip-off their membership with ridiculously high dues, medical and other expenses while being paid a fortune. But the members love Trump. They look at our record economy, tax &amp; reg cuts, military etc. WIN!

People are fleeing New York State because of high taxes and yes, even oppression of sorts. They didnt even put up a fight against SALT - could have won. So much litigation. The NRA should leave and fight from the outside of this very difficult to deal with (unfair) State!

The NRA is under siege by Cuomo and the New York State A.G., who are illegally using the States legal apparatus to take down and destroy this very important organization, &amp; others. It must get its act together quickly, stop the internal fighting, &amp; get back to GREATNESS - FAST!

I spoke at length yesterday to Rabbi Yisroel Goldstein, Chabad  of Poway, where I extended my warmest condolences to him and all affected by the shooting in California. What a great guy. He had a least one finger blown off, and all he wanted to do is help others. Very special!

Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxNews at 10:00 AM. Talking about the Southern Border and how the Dems MUST act fast to change our pathetic immigration laws. Will be tough, watch!

for the more traditional, but not very bright, Sleepy Joe Biden. Here we go again Bernie, but this time please show a little more anger and indignation when you get screwed!

The Democratic National Committee, sometimes referred to as the DNC, is again working its magic in its quest to destroy Crazy Bernie Sanders

Ever since Andrew came to my office to ask that I appoint him to the U.S. Supreme Court, and I said NO, he has been very hostile! Also asked for pardon for his friend. A good pal of low ratings Shepard Smith

Thank you to brilliant and highly respected attorney Alan Dershowitz for destroying the very dumb legal argument of Judge Andrew Napolitano

Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!

Beautiful #TrumpRally tonight in Green Bay, Wisconsin with a massive crowd. Thank you for joining me, I love you! #MAGA

Just arrived in Green Bay, Wisconsin for a #MAGA Rally. Big crowds - join me at 8:00 P.M. Eastern, live on @FoxNews!

Sincerest THANK YOU to our great Border Patrol Agent who stopped the shooter at the Synagogue in Poway, California. He may have been off duty but his talents for Law Enforcement werent!

Great day with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan. We played a quick round of golf by the beautiful Potomac River while talking Trade and many other subjects. He has now left for Japan and I am on my way to Wisconsin where a very large crowd of friends await!

Leaving now for Green Bay, Wisconsin - BIG CROWD, will be there shortly! #MAGA

Thoughts and prayers to all of those affected by the shooting at the Synagogue in Poway, California. God bless you all. Suspect apprehended. Law enforcement did outstanding job. Thank you!

We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug #TakeBackDay at over 4,000 locations across the Country!

We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug #TakeBackDay at over 4,000 locations across the Country!

Congratulations to Nick Bosa on being picked number two in the NFL Draft. You will be a great player for years to come, maybe one of the best. Big Talent! San Francisco will embrace you but most importantly, always stay true to yourself. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

THANK YOU @NRA! #NRAAM

U.S. Economy Grows 3.2% in Q1, Smashing Expectations

Spoke to Saudi Arabia and others about increasing oil flow. All are in agreement. The California tax on gasoline is causing big problems on pricing for that state. Speak to your Governor about reducing. Economic numbers, 3.2% GDP for what is often worst quarter, looking good!

Great NRA crowd and enthusiasm in Indiana. Thank you! Leaving now for meetings in the Oval Office

Just out: Real GDP for First Quarter grew 3.2% at an annual rate. This is far above expectations or projections. Importantly, inflation VERY LOW. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Heading to Indianapolis to speak at the big NRA Conference. Love being in Indiana. The @NRA is getting stronger &amp; stronger and doing some really great and important work. Having their powerful support has been vital to #MAGA!

Weirdo Tom Steyer, who didnt have the guts or money to run for President, is still trying to remain relevant by putting himself on ads begging for impeachment. He doesnt mention the fact that mine is perhaps the most successful first 2 year presidency in history &amp; NO C OR O!

President Donald J. Trump is the greatest hostage negotiator that I know of in the history of the United States. 20 hostages, many in impossible circumstances, have been released in last two years. No money was paid. Cheif Hostage Negotiator, USA!

No money was paid to North Korea for Otto Warmbier, not two Million Dollars, not anything else. This is not the Obama Administration that paid 1.8 Billion Dollars for four hostages, or gave five terroist hostages plus, who soon went back to battle, for traitor Sgt. Bergdahl!

I will be interviewed on @seanhannity at 9:00 PM.  In 5 minutes - Enjoy!

Thank you! #MAGA

Our Border Control Agents have done an incredible job under very adverse conditions. I am very proud to have increased their salaries because of the great job they do. Nobody deserves it more. THANK YOU and keep up the outstanding work!

Look forward to seeing everyone in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow!

I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 PM on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

Welcome to the race Sleepy Joe. I only hope you have the intelligence, long in doubt, to wage a successful primary campaign. It will be nasty - you will be dealing with people who truly have some very sick &amp; demented ideas. But if you make it, I will see you at the Starting Gate!

Despite the fact that the Mueller Report was composed by Trump Haters and Angry Democrats, who had unlimited funds and human resources, the end result was No Collusion, No Obstruction. Amazing!

Mueller was NOT fired and was respectfully allowed to finish his work on what I, and many others, say was an illegal investigation (there was no crime), headed by a Trump hater who was highly conflicted, and a group of 18 VERY ANGRY Democrats. DRAIN THE SWAMP!

As has been incorrectly reported by the Fake News Media, I never told then White House Counsel Don McGahn to fire Robert Mueller, even though I had the legal right to do so. If I wanted to fire Mueller, I didnt need McGahn to do it, I could have done it myself. Nevertheless,

The Great State of Tennessee is so close to passing School Choice. All of our Nations children, regardless of background, deserve a shot at achieving the American Dream! Time to get this done, so important!

@SenMikeLee of the great state of Utah has written a wonderful new book entitled, Our Lost Declaration. Highly recommended!

As ONE UNITED NATION, we will work, we will pray, and we will fight for the day when every family across our land can live in a DRUG FREE AMERICA! #RxSummit2019

Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to join thousands of leaders from across the Country for the 2019 Prescription Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit (@RxSummit) in Atlanta, Georgia! #RxSummit2019

Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is correct, the VA is not broken, it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice &amp; Accountability passed. President Trump deserves a lot of credit. Dan Caldwell, Concerned Veterans of America

Rep. Occasio-Cortez is correct, the VA is not broken, it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice &amp; Accountability passed. President Trump deserves a lot of credit. Dan Caldwell, Concerned Veterans of America

I didnt call Bob Costa of the Washington Post, he called me (Returned his call)!  Just more Fake News

Congress has no time to legislate, they only want to continue the Witch Hunt, which I have already won. They should start looking at The Criminals who are already very well known to all. This was a Rigged System - WE WILL DRAIN THE SWAMP!

No Collusion, No Obstruction - there has NEVER been a President who has been more transparent. Millions of pages of documents were given to the Mueller Angry Dems, plus I allowed everyone to testify, including W.H. counsel. I didnt have to do this, but now they want more

Can anyone comprehend what a GREAT job Border Patrol and Law Enforcement is doing on our Southern Border. So far this year they have APPREHENDED 418,000 plus illegal immigrants, way up from last year. Mexico is doing very little for us. DEMS IN CONGRESS MUST ACT NOW!

are there no High Crimes and Misdemeanors, there are no Crimes by me at all. All of the Crimes were committed by Crooked Hillary, the Dems, the DNC and Dirty Cops - and we caught them in the act! We waited for Mueller and WON, so now the Dems look to Congress as last hope!

The Mueller Report, despite being written by Angry Democrats and Trump Haters, and with unlimited money behind it ($35,000,000), didnt lay a glove on me. I DID NOTHING WRONG. If the partisan Dems ever tried to Impeach, I would first head to the U.S. Supreme Court. Not only

Mexicos Soldiers recently pulled guns on our National Guard Soldiers, probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the Border. Better not happen again! We are now sending ARMED SOLDIERS to the Border. Mexico is not doing nearly enough in apprehending &amp; returning!

A very big Caravan of over 20,000 people started up through Mexico. It has been reduced in size by Mexico but is still coming. Mexico must apprehend the remainder or we will be forced to close that section of the Border &amp; call up the Military. The Coyotes &amp; Cartels have weapons!

The American people deserve to know who is in this Country. Yesterday, the Supreme Court took up the Census Citizenship question, a really big deal. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Former CIA analyst Larry Johnson accuses United Kingdom Intelligence of helping Obama Administration Spy on the 2016 Trump Presidential Campaign. @OANN WOW! It is now just a question of time before the truth comes out, and when it does, it will be a beauty!

Thanks Rush! @FoxNews

You mean the Stock Market hit an all-time record high today and theyre actually talking impeachment!? Will I ever be given credit for anything by the Fake News Media or Radical Liberal Dems? NO COLLUSION!

Great meeting this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse with @Jack from @Twitter. Lots of subjects discussed regarding their platform, and the world of social media in general. Look forward to keeping an open dialogue!

I will be in Green Bay, Wisconsin this Saturday, April 27th at the Resch Center  7:00pm (CDT). Big crowd expected! #MAGA

Great golf champion &amp; friend, Ernie Els (@TheBig_Easy), has done a tremendous job in assisting those w/ Autism through his Els for Autism Fdn, focusing on Education, Research, Global Outreach, Recreation Services, Therapy Services, &amp; Adult Services. #NationalAutismAwarenessMonth

Great interview by Jared. Nice to have extraordinarily smart people serving our Country!

KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

The Wall is being rapidly built! The Economy is GREAT! Our Country is Respected again!

But should be much higher than that if Twitter wasnt playing their political games. No wonder Congress wants to get involved - and they should. Must be more, and fairer, companies to get out the WORD!

The best thing ever to happen to Twitter is Donald Trump. @MariaBartiromo  So true, but they dont treat me well as a Republican. Very discriminatory, hard for people to sign on. Constantly taking people off list. Big complaints from many people. Different names-over 100 M

Harley Davidson has struggled with Tariffs with the EU, currently paying 31%. Theyve had to move production overseas to try and offset some of that Tariff that theyve been hit with which will rise to 66% in June of 2021. @MariaBartiromo So unfair to U.S. We will Reciprocate!

Dumb and Sick. A really bad show with low ratings - and will only get worse. CNN has been a proven and long term ratings and beyond disaster. In fact, it rewarded Chris Cuomo with a now unsuccessful prime time slot, despite his massive failure in the morning. Only on CNN!

Sorry to say but @foxandfriends is by far the best of the morning political shows on television. It rightfully has BY FAR the highest  ratings, not even close. Morning Psycho (Joe), who helped get me elected in 2016 by having me on (free) all the time, has nosedived, too Angry

In the old days if you were President and you had a good economy, you were basically immune from criticism. Remember, Its the economy stupid. Today I have, as President, perhaps the greatest economy in history...and to the Mainstream Media, it means NOTHING. But it will!

The Radical Left Democrats, together with their leaders in the Fake News Media, have gone totally insane! I guess that means that the Republican agenda is working. Stay tuned for more!

I will be going to Green Bay, Wisconsin, for a really big Rally on Saturday Evening. Big crowd expected, much to talk about. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I wonder if the New York Times will apologize to me a second time, as they did after the 2016 Election. But this one will have to be a far bigger &amp;  better apology. On this one they will have to get down on their knees &amp; beg for forgiveness-they are truly the Enemy of the People!

Paul Krugman, of the Fake News New York Times, has lost all credibility, as has the Times itself, with his false and highly inaccurate writings on me. He is obsessed with hatred, just as others are obsessed with how stupid he is. He said Market would crash, Only Record Highs!

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

This should NEVER happen to another President AGAIN!

Just spoke to @LouDobbs. Will be doing a very interesting show tonight at 7:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxBusiness!

Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I are honored to host the 2019 @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll!

Isnt it amazing that the people who were closest to me, by far, and knew the Campaign better than anyone, were never even called to testify before Mueller. The reason is that the 18 Angry Democrats knew they would all say NO COLLUSION and only very good things!

A very exculpatory section of the Mueller Report: NO CONSPIRACY, COORDINATION or COLLUSION with the Trump Campaign and the Russians. You cant be more clear than that! @GreggJarrett

The Obama Administration did not do itself proud in this. @ByronYork

SOUTHERN BORDER CRISIS! @LouDobbs

Spoke to the Prime Minister of Italy, Giuseppe Conte, mostly concerning Immigration, Taxes, Trade, and the Economy of both of our countries. Very good call!

Spoke to Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe of Sri Lanka this morning to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States!

Spoke to President Maithripala Sirisena of Sri Lanka yesterday to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States

My friend Herman Cain, a truly wonderful man, has asked me not to nominate him for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board. I will respect his wishes. Herman is a great American who truly loves our Country!

Congratulations!

Thank you @MarkLevinShow! #MAGA

Only high crimes and misdemeanors can lead to impeachment. There were no crimes by me (No Collusion, No Obstruction), so you cant impeach. It was the Democrats that committed the crimes, not your Republican President! Tables are finally turning on the Witch Hunt!

Saudi Arabia and others in OPEC will more than make up the Oil Flow difference in our now Full Sanctions on Iranian Oil. Iran is being given VERY BAD advice by @JohnKerry and people who helped him lead the U.S. into the very bad Iran Nuclear Deal. Big violation of Logan Act?

So true - thanks @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC!

How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Can you believe that I had to go through the worst and most corrupt political Witch Hunt in the history of the United States (No Collusion) when it was the other side that illegally created the diversionary &amp; criminal event and even spied on my campaign? Disgraceful!

Jobless claims in the United States have reached their lowest (BEST) level in over 50 years!

Despite No Collusion, No Obstruction, The Radical Left Democrats do not want to go on to Legislate for the good of the people, but only to Investigate and waste time. This is costing our Country greatly, and will cost the Dems big time in 2020!

The Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who wrote the Mueller Report were devastated by the No Collusion finding! Nothing but a total hit job which should never have been allowed to start in the first place!

Do you believe this? The New York Times Op-Ed: MEDIA AND DEMOCRATS OWE TRUMP AN APOLOGY. Well, they got that one right!

138 people have been killed in Sri Lanka, with more that 600 badly injured, in a terrorist attack on churches and hotels. The United States offers heartfelt condolences to the great people of Sri Lanka. We stand ready to help!

Happy Easter! I have never been happier or more content because your Country is doing so well, with an Economy that is the talk of the World and may be stronger than it has ever been before. Have a great day!

Heartfelt condolences from the people of the United States to the people of Sri Lanka on the horrible terrorist attacks on churches and hotels that have killed at least 138 million people and badly injured 600 more. We stand ready to help!

Thank you @JesseBWatters and @DBongino!

Good night of television! 8:00 PM @WattersWorld  9:00 PM @JudgeJeanine with interview of @RudyGiuliani followed by Greg G. Honest commentary is always nice!

Check out @MarkLevinShow: Life, Liberty &amp; Levin on @FoxNews now (7pm)!

If @MittRomney spent the same energy fighting Barack Obama as he does fighting Donald Trump, he could have won the race (maybe)!

The end result of the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history is No Collusion with Russia (and No Obstruction). Pretty Amazing!

United States weekly jobless claims just hit a 50 year low. The economy is doing GREAT!

The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to stir up and anger the pols and as many people as possible seldom mentioning the fact that the Mueller Report had as its principle conclusion the fact that there was NO COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA. The Russia Hoax is dead!

Despite the fact that the Mueller Report should not have been authorized in the first place &amp; was written as nastily as possible by 13 (18) Angry Democrats who were true Trump Haters, including highly conflicted Bob Mueller himself, the end result is No Collusion, No Obstruction!

Wishing a Happy Passover to all those celebrating in America, Israel, and around the world!

TRUMP HAS BEEN TOTALLY VINDICATED

Time for Democrats to accept reality

The Washington Post and New York Times are, in my opinion, two of the most dishonest media outlets around. Truly, the Enemy of the People!

big, fat, waste of time, energy and money - $30,000,000 to be exact. It is now finally time to turn the tables and bring justice to some very sick and dangerous people who have committed very serious crimes, perhaps even Spying or Treason. This should never happen again!

agreed to testify, it was not necessary for me to respond to statements made in the Report about me, some of which are total bullshit &amp; only given to make the other person look good (or me to look bad). This was an Illegally Started Hoax that never should have happened, a

Statements are made about me by certain people in the Crazy Mueller Report, in itself written by 18 Angry Democrat Trump Haters, which are fabricated &amp; totally untrue. Watch out for people that take so-called notes, when the notes never existed until needed. Because I never

Kimberley Strassel should get the Pulitzer. She is a treasure (and I dont know her) who correctly called the Russia Hoax right from the start! Others who were soooo wrong will get the Prize. Fake News!

The Mueller Report is perhaps the single most humiliating thing that has ever happened to the White House Press in the history of this Country. They know they lied...Many reporters lied about Russia Collusion and so much more. Clapper &amp; Brennan, all lies @TuckerCarlson

If dozens of Federal prosecutors spent two years trying to charge you with a crime, and found they couldnt, it would mean there wasnt any evidence you did it - and thats what happened here - thats what we just learned from the Mueller Report.  @TuckerCarlson

When there is not an underlying crime with regard to Collusion (in fact, the whole thing was a made up fraud), it is difficult to say that someone is obstructing something. There was no underlying crime. @marthamaccallum  @FoxNews

Anything the Russians did concerning the 2016 Election was done while Obama was President. He was told about it and did nothing! Most importantly, the vote was not affected

It was a really great day for America! A special evening tonight on @TuckerCarlson, @seanhannity  &amp; @IngrahamAngle Will be very interesting!

Donald Trump was being framed, he fought back. That is not Obstruction. @JesseBWatters  I had the right to end the whole Witch Hunt if I wanted. I could have fired everyone, including Mueller, if I wanted. I chose not to. I had the RIGHT to use Executive Privilege. I didnt!

Today, I was thrilled to host the @WWP Soldier Ride once again at the @WhiteHouse. We were all deeply honored to be in the presence of TRUE AMERICAN HEROES

As I have been saying all along, NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION!

No Collusion - No Obstruction!

Attorney General William Barrs Press Conference today at 9:30 AM ET. Watch on @FoxNews @OANN

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

The Greatest Political Hoax of all time! Crimes were committed by Crooked, Dirty Cops and DNC/The Democrats

Nolte: Poll Shows Media Failed to Gaslight Public About Trump Campaign Spying  via @BreitbartNews

Just had a wonderful conversation with @Pontifex Francis offering condolences from the People of the United States for the horrible and destructive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral. I offered the help of our great experts on renovation and construction as I did

in my conversation yesterday with President @EmmanuelMacron of France. I also wished both Pope Francis and President Macron a very Happy Easter!

Democrats in Congress must return from their Vacations and change the Immigration Laws, or the Border, despite the great job being done by Border Patrol, will only get worse. Big sections of Wall now being built!

Wow! FBI made 11 payments to Fake Dossiers discredited author, Trump hater Christopher Steele. @OANN  @JudicialWatch  The Witch Hunt has been a total fraud on your President and the American people! It was brought to you by Dirty Cops, Crooked Hillary and the DNC

On Trumps ICC Win, Dems and Republicans See Eye to Eye | RealClearPolitics

I believe it will be Crazy Bernie Sanders vs. Sleepy Joe Biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best Economy in the history of our Country (and MANY other great things)! I look forward to facing whoever it may be. May God Rest Their Soul!

Bernie Sanders and wife should pay the Pre-Trump Taxes on their almost $600,000 in income. He is always complaining about these big TAX CUTS, except when it benefits him. They made a fortune off of Trump, but so did everyone else - and thats a good thing, not a bad thing!

Many Trump Fans &amp; Signs were outside of the @FoxNews Studio last night in the now thriving (Thank you President Trump) Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, for the interview with Crazy Bernie Sanders. Big complaints about not being let in-stuffed with Bernie supporters. Whats with @FoxNews?

Just signed a critical bill to formalize drought contingency plans for the Colorado River. Thanks to @SenMcSallyAZ for getting it done. Big deal for Arizona!

No Collusion - No Obstruction!

I will be in Green Bay, Wisconsin on Saturday, April 27th at the Resch Center  7:00pm (CDT). Big crowd expected! #MAGA

So weird to watch Crazy Bernie on @FoxNews. Not surprisingly, @BretBaier and the audience was so smiley and nice. Very strange, and now we have @donnabrazile?

No Collusion - No Obstruction!

A must read, Andy McCarthys column today, Dirty dealings of dirt devils who concocted Trump-Russia probe. The greatest Scam in political history. If the Mainstream Media were honest, which they are not, this story would be bigger and more important than Watergate. Someday!

God bless the people of France!

The forgotten voters of the 2016 Election are now doing great. The Steel Industry is rebuilding and expanding at a pace that it hasnt seen in decades. Our Country has one of the best Economies in many years, perhaps ever. Unemployment numbers best in 51 years. Wow!

So horrible to watch the massive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. Perhaps flying water tankers could be used to put it out. Must act quickly!

Spoke to @TigerWoods to congratulate him on the great victory he had in yesterdays @TheMasters, &amp; to inform him that because of his incredible Success &amp; Comeback in Sports (Golf) and, more importantly, LIFE, I will be presenting him with the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM!

Heading to the Great State of Minnesota!

Since there was no Collusion, why was there an Investigation in the first place! Answer - Dirty Cops, Dems and Crooked Hillary!

The Mueller Report, which was written by 18 Angry Democrats who also happen to be Trump Haters (and Clinton Supporters), should have focused on the people who SPIED on my 2016 Campaign, and others who fabricated the whole Russia Hoax. That is, never forget, the crime

Those Illegal Immigrants who can no longer be legally held (Congress must fix the laws and loopholes) will be, subject to Homeland Security, given to Sanctuary Cities and States!

Mark Morgan, President Obamas Border Patrol Chief, gave the following message to me: President Trump, stay the course. I agree, and believe it or not, we are making great progress with a system that has been broken for many years!

I finally agree with @Cher!

The Radical Left Democrats will never be satisfied with anything we give them. They will always Resist and Obstruct!

THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN (We will never forget)!

Before Nancy, who has lost all control of Congress and is getting nothing done, decides to defend her leader, Rep. Omar, she should look at the anti-Semitic, anti-Israel and ungrateful U.S. HATE statements Omar has made. She is out of control, except for her control of Nancy!

Congress should come back to D.C. now and FIX THE IMMIGRATION LAWS!

Mueller, and the A.G. based on Mueller findings (and great intelligence), have already ruled No Collusion, No Obstruction. These were crimes committed by Crooked Hillary, the DNC, Dirty Cops and others! INVESTIGATE THE INVESTIGATORS!

What do I know about branding, maybe nothing (but I did become President!), but if I were Boeing, I would FIX the Boeing 737 MAX, add some additional great features, &amp; REBRAND the plane with a new name.
No product has suffered like this one. But again, what the hell do I know?

Chinese Telecom Giant Huawei hires former Obama Cyber Security Official as a lobbyist. This is not good, or acceptable! @FoxNews @SteveHiltonx

@SteveHiltonx  This is President Trump trying to deliver on his promises while the bureaucratic machine fights his agenda. He needs populist allies. These changes are not chaos, but rather progress. All this is President Trump at his absolute best. Thank you Steve!

Such a puff piece on Nancy Pelosi by @60minutes, yet her leadership has passed no meaningful Legislation. All they do is Investigate, as it turns out, crimes that they instigated &amp; committed. The Mueller No Collusion decision wasnt even discussed-and she was a disaster at W.H

Love people who are great under pressure. What a fantastic life comeback for a really great guy!

Congratulations to @TigerWoods., a truly Great Champion!

Watching final hole of @TheMasters. @TigerWoods is looking GREAT!

Great Masters going on right now. @TigerWoods is leading with 2 holes left to play. Very exciting, tune in!

If the Fed had done its job properly, which it has not, the Stock Market would have been up 5000 to 10,000 additional points, and GDP would have been well  over 4% instead of 3%...with almost no inflation. Quantitative tightening was a killer, should have done the exact opposite!

Just out: The USA has the absolute legal right to have apprehended illegal immigrants transferred to Sanctuary Cities. We hereby demand that they be taken care of at the highest level, especially by the State of California, which is well known or its poor management &amp; high taxes!

Democrats must change the Immigration Laws FAST. If not, Sanctuary Cities must immediately ACT to take care of the Illegal Immigrants - and this includes Gang Members, Drug Dealers, Human Traffickers, and Criminals of all shapes, sizes and kinds. CHANGE THE LAWS NOW!

So interesting to see the Mayor of Oakland and other Sanctuary Cities NOT WANT our currently detained immigrants after release due to the ridiculous court ordered 20 day rule. If they dont want to serve our Nation by taking care of them, why should other cities &amp; towns?

I never offered Pardons to Homeland Security Officials, never ordered anyone to close our Southern Border (although I have the absolute right to do so, and may if Mexico does not apprehend the illegals coming to our Border), and am not frustrated. It is all Fake &amp; Corrupt News!

When I won the Election in 2016, the @nytimes had to beg their fleeing subscribers for forgiveness in that they covered the Election (and me) so badly. They didnt have a clue, it was pathetic. They even apologized to me. But now they are even worse, really corrupt reporting!

The New York Times Sanctuary Cities/Immigration story today was knowingly wrong on almost every fact. They never call to check for truth. Their sources often dont even exist, a fraud. They will lie &amp; cheat anyway possible to make me look bad. In 6 years they will be gone

Great playing by @TigerWoods (at the) @TheMasters. Tomorrow will be a big and exciting day for golf and for sports. Many fantastic players in the hunt. Ratings Gold - Good luck to all!

Why should Radical Left Democrats in Congress have a right to retry and examine the $35,000,000 (two years in the making) No Collusion Mueller Report, when the crime committed was by Crooked Hillary, the DNC and Dirty Cops? Attorney General Barr will make the decision!

extraordinary growth, economic success and riches under the leadership of Chairman Kim. I look forward to the day, which could be soon, when Nuclear Weapons and Sanctions can be removed, and then watching North Korea become one of the most successful nations of the World!

I agree with Kim Jong Un of North Korea that our personal relationship remains very good, perhaps the term excellent would be even more accurate, and that a third Summit would be good in that we fully understand where we each stand. North Korea has tremendous potential for

In New York State, Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants. No wonder so many people are leaving N.Y. Very Sad!

Another Fake Story on @NBCNews that I offered Pardons to Homeland Securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities. Of course this is not true. Mainstream Media is corrupt and getting worse, if that is possible, every day!

A Fake Story by Politico. Made up sources. Thank you Mount Vernon!

Finally, great news at the Border!

Finally great news at the Border!

Thank you Jeh, so well stated!

If the Radical Left Democrats all of a sudden dont want the Illegal Migrants in their Sanctuary Cities (no more open arms), why should others be expected to take them into their communities? Go home and come into our Country legally and through a system of Merit!

WSJs Strassel: Barr Right to Say Spying Occurred on Trump Campaign | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews

WE WILL NEVER FORGET!

Due to the fact that Democrats are unwilling to change our very dangerous immigration laws, we are indeed, as reported, giving strong considerations to placing Illegal Immigrants in Sanctuary Cities only

The Radical Left always seems to have an Open Borders, Open Arms policy  so this should make them very happy!

Even the Democrats now say that our Southern Border is a Crisis and a National Emergency. Hopefully, we will not be getting any more BAD (outrageous) court decisions!

Democrats dont like the results of the Mueller Report, so now theyre trying everything else.  @RepDougCollins  They should stop wasting time and money and get back to real legislating, especially on the Border!

President Obamas top White House lawyer, Gregory B. Craig, was indicted yesterday on very serious charges. This is a really big story, but the Fake News New York Times didnt even put it on page one, rather page 16. @washingtonpost not much better, tiny page one. Corrupt News!

I dont need to know any more. Were done, absolutely done, he (Mueller) tried the case. Theres NO COLLUSION. @LindseyGrahamSC  @foxandfriends  No matter what we do or give to the Radical Left, it will never be enough!

JOBLESS CLAIMS AT 50 YEAR LOW!

Great heroes!

And the Radical Dems reeling in disarray as the President continues to Win, Win and Win again! The Left is PRETENDING to be shocked by A.G. William Barrs testimony before Congress in which he said SPYING did occur on the Trump 2016 Campaign. @LouDobbs  @FoxNews

House Democrats want to negotiate a $2 TRILLION spending increase but cant even pass their own plan. We cant afford it anyway, and its not happening!

Beautiful afternoon in the Oval Office today with a few great American HEROES!

Biggest scandal of our time - the coup that failed! @MariaBartiromo

SPY GAMES: TIME FOR ANSWERS

Great news! #MAGA

Too bad that the European Union is being so tough on the United Kingdom and Brexit. The E.U. is likewise a brutal trading partner with the United States, which will change. Sometimes in life you have to let people breathe before it all comes back to bite you!

I think what the Democrats are doing with the Border is TREASONOUS. Their Open Border mindset is putting our Country at risk. Will not let this happen!

CONGRATULATIONS to @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump on the great news. So proud!

THANK YOU Texas, I love you!

Join me in Crosby, Texas as I deliver remarks and sign Executive Orders on Energy and Infrastructure!

So, it has now been determined, by 18 people that truly hate President Trump, that there was No Collusion with Russia. In fact, it was an illegal investigation that should never have been allowed to start. I fought back hard against this Phony &amp; Treasonous Hoax!

Spoke to Bibi @Netanyahu to congratulate him on a great and hard-fought win. The United States is with him and the People of Israel all the way!

Trump flags being waived at the Bibi @Netanyahu VICTORY celebration last night!

Everybody is now acknowledging that, right from the time I announced my run for President, I was 100% correct on the Border. Remember the heat I took? Democrats should now get rid of the loopholes. The Border is being fixed. Mexico will not let people through!

The Democrats must end the loopholes on immigration. So easy to solve!

The underlying issue remains the same without a single American being indicted for Collusion with Russia, &amp; that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe (Fake News) that something much more dramatic would happen. Why did people fall for this? @TuckerCarlson Molly H

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

THANK YOU, WORKING HARD!

Check this out - TRUTH!

Today, it was my great honor to welcome President @AlsisiOfficial of the Arab Republic of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse!

She (Congresswoman Omar) keeps on assaulting Jews... 
Jeff Ballabon, B2 Strategic, CEO

Whats completely unacceptable is for Congesswoman Omar to target Jews, in this case Stephen Miller. Jeff Ballabon, B2 Strategic, CEO.  @Varneyco

On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the Americans captured and imprisoned by foreign powers while carrying out their duties to defend this great Nation

The Mainstream Media has never been more inaccurate or corrupt than it is today. It only seems to get worse. So much Fake News!

I got along very well with Jerry during the zoning and building process. Then I changed course (slightly), became President, and now I am dealing with Congressman Nadler again. Some things never end, but hopefully it will all go well for everyone. Only time will tell!

Congressman Jerry Nadler fought me for years on a very large development I built on the West Side of Manhattan. He wanted a Rail Yard built underneath the development or even better, to stop the job. He didnt get either &amp; the development became VERY successful. Nevertheless,

The World Trade Organization finds that the European Union subsidies to Airbus has adversely impacted the United States, which will now put Tariffs on $11 Billion of EU products! The EU has taken advantage of the U.S. on trade for many years. It will soon stop!

Congratulations to Virginia - Great game!

A 9th Circuit Judge just ruled that Mexico is too dangerous for migrants. So unfair to the U.S. OUT OF CONTROL!

Congratulations to the Baylor Lady Bears on their amazing win last night against Notre Dame to become the 2019 NCAA Womens Basketball National Champions!

The Democrats will never be satisfied, no matter what they get, how much they get, or how many pages they get. It will never end, but thats the way life goes!

Uganda must find the kidnappers of the American Tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there. Bring them to justice openly and quickly!

Jerry Nadler is not entitled to this information. He is doing this to get it to the Democrat 2020 nominee. @KatiePavlich

The reason the whole process seems so politicized is that Democrats made up this complete lie about Collusion ....and none of it happened. Charles Hurt. The Russian Hoax never happened, it was a fraud on the American people!

Mexico must apprehend all illegals and not let them make the long march up to the United States, or we will have no other choice than to Close the Border and/or institute Tariffs. Our Country is FULL!

More apprehensions (captures)
at the Southern Border than in many years. Border Patrol amazing! Country is FULL! System has been broken for many years. Democrats in Congress must agree to fix loopholes - No Open Borders (Crimes &amp; Drugs). Will Close Southern Border If necessary

I am pleased to announce that Kevin McAleenan, the current U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner, will become Acting Secretary for @DHSgov. I have confidence that Kevin will do a great job!

Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen will be leaving her position, and I would like to thank her for her service

Pleased to report that the American tourist and tour guide that were abducted in Uganda have been released. God bless them and their families!

Looks like Bob Muellers team of 13 Trump Haters &amp; Angry Democrats are illegally leaking information to the press while the Fake News Media make up their own stories with or without sources - sources no longer matter to our corrupt &amp; dishonest Mainstream Media, they are a Joke!

In the meantime, the Democrats in Congress must help the Republicans (we need their votes) to end the horrible, costly and foolish loopholes in our Immigration Laws. Once that happens, all will be smooth. We can NEVER allow Open Borders!

its powerful common sense Immigration Laws to stop illegals from coming through Mexico into the U.S., and removing them back to their country of origin. Until Mexico cleans up this ridiculous &amp; massive migration, we will be focusing on Border Security, not Ports of Entry

We have redeployed 750 agents at the Southern Borders specific Ports of Entry in order to help with the large scale surge of illegal migrants trying to make their way into the United States. This will cause traffic &amp; commercial delays until such time as Mexico is able to use

Give Up, Trump-Haters

Why should I be defending a fraudulent Russian Witch Hunt. Its about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the American People start defending their dishonest and treasonous acts. How and why did this terrible event begin? Never Forget!

To every member of the @RJC, thank you for your incredible support and your outstanding commitment to our Country, to our safety, and to electing MORE REPUBLICANS. Over the next 19 months, I know that the @RJC will help lead our party to another HISTORIC VICTORY! #TrumpAtRJC

against something I knew never existed, Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous!) - No Obstruction. This Russia Hoax must never happen to another President, and Law Enforcement must find out, HOW DID IT START?

So, lets get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back

Will be speaking today at the Republican Jewish Coalition (@RJC) meeting in Las Vegas, Nevada. See everyone soon!

So, lets get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back

years and $30 million, and they found No Collusion, No Obstruction. But the Democrats, no matter what we give them, will NEVER be satisfied. A total waste of time. As @FrankLuntz has just stated, Enough, America has had enough. What have you accomplished. Public is fed up

I have not read the Mueller Report yet, even though I have every right to do so. Only know the conclusions, and on the big one, No Collusion. Likewise, recommendations made to our great A.G. who found No Obstruction. 13 Angry Trump hating Dems (later brought to 18) given two

Thank you to two great people!

Collusion was a Hoax from day one. @dbongino  @foxandfriends

The lowest average jobs number for any President since 1951, 4.1%. Economy doing great. If the Democrats win, it is all over. @Varneyco  @foxandfriends  I agree!

THANK YOU @DHSgov, @CBP, and @ICEgov!

Congratulations David, a very big deal!

Just checked out the new Wall on the Border - GREAT! Leaving now for L.A

Join me in California for a Roundtable on Immigration and Border Security!

Just arrived in Calexico, California!

Will soon be landing in Calexico, California to look at a portion of the new WALL being built on our Southern Border. Within two years we will have close to 400 miles built or under construction &amp; keeping our Country SAFE  not easy when the Dems are always fighting to stop you!

The press is doing everything within their power to fight the magnificence of the phrase, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! They cant stand the fact that this Administration has done more than virtually any other Administration in its first 2yrs. They are truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!

America Created 196,000 Jobs in March, Beating Expectations for 170,000

Ive employed thousands of Electrical Workers. They will be voting for me!

Congratulations to Brian Hagedorn on his big surprise win over a well funded Liberal Democrat in the Great State of Wisconsin for a very important Supreme Court seat. Republicans are producing big for Wisconsin!

JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!

Heading to the Southern Border to show a section of the new Wall being built! Leaving now!

This will supersede USMCA. Likewise I am looking at an economic penalty for the 500 Billion Dollars in illegal DRUGS that are shipped and smuggled through Mexico and across our Southern Border. Over 100,00 Americans die each year, sooo many families destroyed!

However, if for any reason Mexico stops apprehending and bringing the illegals back to where they came from, the U.S. will be forced to Tariff at 25% all cars made in Mexico and shipped over the Border to us. If that doesnt work, which it will, I will close the Border

The Crazed and Dishonest Washington Post again purposely got it wrong. Mexico, for the first time in decades, is meaningfully apprehending illegals at THEIR Southern Border, before the long march up to the U.S. This is great and the way it should be. The big flow will stop

Trolling the Mueller Report. Democrats Lost On Collusion. Now Theyre Inventing A Coverup. @WSJopinion  James Freeman @LouDobbs

I am pleased to announce that Jovita Carranza will be nominated as the new @SBAgov Administrator. She will be replacing Linda McMahon, who has done an outstanding job. Jovita was a great Treasurer of the United States  and I look forward to her joining my Cabinet!

@ByronYork: How bad does border have to be for Democrats to admit its an emergency?

Conservative support for Trump wall soars to 99 percent

Democrats need to help fix the border crisis or get out of Trumps way

Thank you @Trish_Regan!

WELCOME BACK JOE!

The New York Times had no legitimate sources, which would be totally illegal, concerning the Mueller Report. In fact, they probably had no sources at all! They are a Fake News paper who have already been forced to apologize for their incorrect and very bad reporting on me!

There is nothing we can ever give to the Democrats that will make them happy. This is the highest level of Presidential Harassment in the history of our Country!

According to polling, few people seem to care about the Russian Collusion Hoax, but some Democrats are fighting hard to keep the Witch Hunt alive. They should focus on legislation or, even better, an investigation of how the ridiculous Collusion Delusion got started - so illegal!

Despite the unnecessary and destructive actions taken by the Fed, the Economy is looking very strong, the China and USMCA deals are moving along nicely, there is little or no Inflation, and USA optimism is very high!

THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS THE PARTY OF THE AMERICAN DREAM!

The First Step Act proves that our Country can achieve amazing breakthroughs when we put politics aside, and put the interests of ALL Americans FIRST

Congress must get together and immediately eliminate the loopholes at the Border! If no action, Border, or large sections of Border, will close. This is a National Emergency!

This will be a great campaign issue. I never asked Mitch McConnell for a vote before the Election as has been incorrectly reported (as usual) in the @nytimes, but only after the Election when we take back the House etc. Republicans will always support pre-existing conditions!

I was never planning a vote prior to the 2020 Election on the wonderful HealthCare package that some very talented people are now developing for me &amp; the Republican Party. It will be on full display during the Election as a much better &amp; less expensive alternative to ObamaCare

Today, it was my great honor to welcome @NATO Secretary General @JensStoltenberg to the @WhiteHouse!

Today, we celebrate the tremendous accomplishments of Americans with ASD and reaffirm our commitment to work together to ensure that every member of our society is afforded equal opportunities to reach their full potential.
#WorldAutismAwarenessDay

I havent seen any Democrats down here at the Border working with us or asking to speak to any of us. They have an open invitation. We are getting overrun, our facilities are overcapacity. We are at an emergency crisis. Art Del Cueto, National Border Patrol Council

After many years (decades), Mexico is apprehending large numbers of people at their Southern Border, mostly from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador. They have ALL been taking U.S. money for years, and doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for us, just like the Democrats in Congress!

There is no amount of testimony or document production that can satisfy Jerry Nadler or Shifty Adam Schiff. It is now time to focus exclusively on properly running our great Country!

Robert Mueller was a God-like figure to the Democrats, until he ruled No Collusion in the long awaited $30,000,000 Mueller Report. Now the Dems dont even acknowledge his name, have become totally unhinged, and would like to go through the whole process again. It wont happen!

World Autism Awareness Day 2019: Significance, history and theme via @htTweets

In 1998, Rep.Jerry Nadler strongly opposed the release of the Starr Report on Bill Clinton. No information whatsoever would or could be legally released. But with the NO COLLUSION Mueller Report, which the Dems hate, he wants it all. NOTHING WILL EVER SATISFY THEM! @foxandfriends

The best thing that ever happened to Puerto Rico is President Donald J. Trump. So many wonderful people, but with such bad Island leadership and with so much money wasted. Cannot continue to hurt our Farmers and States with these massive payments, and so little appreciation!

Puerto Rico got 91 Billion Dollars for the hurricane, more money than has ever been gotten for a hurricane before, &amp; all their local politicians do is complain &amp; ask for more money. The pols are grossly incompetent, spend the money foolishly or corruptly, &amp; only take from USA

the crazed and incompetent Mayor of San Juan have done such a poor job  of bringing the Island back to health. 91 Billion Dollars to Puerto Rico, and now the Dems want to give them more, taking dollars away from our Farmers and so many others. Disgraceful!

are GREAT, but the politicians are incompetent or corrupt. Puerto Rico got far more money than Texas &amp; Florida combined, yet their government cant do anything right, the place is a mess - nothing works. FEMA &amp; the Military worked emergency miracles, but politicians like

The Democrats today killed a Bill that would have provided great relief to Farmers and yet more money to Puerto Rico despite the fact that Puerto Rico has already been scheduled to receive more hurricane relief funding than any place in history. The people of Puerto Rico

back the House. It will be truly great HealthCare that will work for America. Also, Republicans will always support Pre-Existing Conditions. The Republican Party will be known as the Party of Great HealtCare. Meantime, the USA is doing better than ever &amp; is respected again!

are developing a really great HealthCare Plan with far lower premiums (cost) &amp; deductibles than ObamaCare. In other words it will be far less expensive &amp; much more usable than ObamaCare. Vote will be taken right after the Election when Republicans hold the Senate &amp; win

Everybody agrees that ObamaCare doesnt work. Premiums &amp; deductibles are far too high - Really bad HealthCare! Even the Dems want to replace it, but with Medicare for all, which would cause 180 million Americans to lose their beloved private health insurance. The Republicans

Democrats should stop fighting Sen. David Perdues disaster relief bill. They are blocking funding and relief for our great farmers and rural America!

No matter what information is given to the crazed Democrats from the No Collusion Mueller Report, it will never be good enough. Behind closed doors the Dems are laughing!

The cost of ObamaCare is far too high for our great citizens. The deductibles, in many cases way over $7000, make it almost worthless or unusable. Good things are going to happen! @SenRickScott  @senatemajldr @SenJohnBarrasso  @SenBillCassidy

Can you believe that the Radical Left Democrats want to do our new and very important Census Report without the all important Citizenship Question. Report would be meaningless and a waste of the $Billions (ridiculous) that it costs to put together!

Democrats, working with Republicans in Congress, can fix the Asylum and other loopholes quickly. We have a major National Emergency at our Border. GET IT DONE NOW!

Now that the long awaited Mueller Report conclusions have been released, most Democrats and others
have gone back to the pre-Witch Hunt phase of their lives before Collusion Delusion took over. Others are pretending that their former hero, Bob Mueller, no longer exists!

The Democrats are allowing a ridiculous asylum system and major loopholes to remain as a mainstay of our immigration system. Mexico is likewise doing NOTHING, a very bad combination for our Country. Homeland Security is being sooo very nice, but not for long!

Outrageous, its the Adam Schiff problem. People abusing the access to classified data to then go out in public and make allegations that didnt prove to be true. You look at a decision to essentially investigate a political rival. Who made it? James Freeman, @WSJ

Everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion, No Obstruction Trump Campaign began. We need to know for future generations to understand. This Hoax should never be allowed to happen to another President or Administration again!

The Trump Administration has succeeded in dramatically raising the costs to Iran for its sinister behavior, at no cost to the U.S. or our allies. Thats the definition of a foreign-policy achievement. Bret Stephens, @nytimes  We are getting stronger all over the world, watch!

Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our detention areas are maxed out &amp; we will take no more illegals. Next step is to close the Border! This will also help us with stopping the Drug flow from Mexico!

It would be so easy to fix our weak and very stupid Democrat inspired immigration laws. In less than one hour, and then a vote, the problem would be solved. But the Dems dont care about the crime, they dont want any victory for Trump and the Republicans, even if good for USA!

In honor of his past service to our Country, Navy Seal #EddieGallagher will soon be moved to less restrictive confinement while he awaits his day in court. Process should move quickly! @foxandfriends @RepRalphNorman

A huge thanks to @HeatherNauert for serving America at the @StateDept. Great work! Im proud to have you join the Fulbright board!

So funny that The New York Times &amp; The Washington Post got a Pulitzer Prize for their coverage (100% NEGATIVE and FAKE!) of Collusion with Russia - And there was No Collusion! So, they were either duped or corrupt? In any event, their prizes should be taken away by the Committee!

The problem is, no matter what the Radical Left Democrats get, no matter what we give them, it will never be enough. Just watch, they will Harass &amp; Complain &amp; Resist (the theme of their movement). So maybe we should just take our victory and say NO, weve got a Country to run!

Robert Mueller was a Hero to the Radical Left Democrats, until he ruled that there was No Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous to even say!). After more than two years since the insurance policy statement was made by a dirty cop, I got the answers I wanted, the Truth

Had the Fed not mistakenly raised interest rates, especially since there is very little inflation, and had they not done the ridiculously timed quantitative tightening, the 3.0% GDP, &amp; Stock Market, would have both been much higher &amp; World Markets would be in a better place!

the Border, or large sections of the Border, next week. This would be so easy for Mexico to do, but they just take our money and talk. Besides, we lose so much money with them, especially when you add in drug trafficking etc.), that the Border closing would be a good thing!

through their country and our Southern Border. Mexico has for many years made a fortune off of the U.S., far greater than Border Costs. If Mexico doesnt immediately stop ALL illegal immigration coming into the United States throug our Southern Border, I will be CLOSING

The DEMOCRATS have given us the weakest immigration laws anywhere in the World. Mexico has the strongest, &amp; they make more than $100 Billion a year on the U.S. Therefore, CONGRESS MUST CHANGE OUR WEAK IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW, &amp; Mexico must stop illegals from entering the U.S

This has been an incredible couple of weeks for AMERICA!

On this Vietnam War Veterans Day, we celebrate the brave Vietnam Veterans and all of Americas Veterans. Thank you for your service to our great Nation!

Working hard, thank you! #MAGA

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Massive overflow crowds in Grand Rapids, Michigan tonight. Thank you for joining us tonight! #MAGA

Beautiful #MAGARally tonight in Grand Rapids, Michigan - thank you, I love you! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!

On my way to Grand Rapids, Michigan right now. See you all very soon! #MAGA

We have a National Emergency at our Southern Border. The Dems refuse to do what they know is necessary - amend our immigration laws. Would immediately solve the problem! Mexico, with the strongest immigration laws in the World, refuses to help with illegal immigration &amp; drugs!

The Republican Party will become the Party of Great HealthCare! ObamaCare is a disaster, far too expensive and deductibility ridiculously high - virtually unusable! Moving forward in Courts and Legislatively!

Very important that OPEC increase the flow of Oil. World Markets are fragile, price of Oil getting too high. Thank you!

Wow, ratings for Morning Joe, which were really bad in the first place, just tanked with the release of the Mueller Report. Likewise, other shows on MSNBC and CNN have gone down by as much as 50%. Just shows, Fake News never wins!

Congressman Adam Schiff, who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking, should be forced to resign from Congress!

FBI &amp; DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago. It is an embarrassment to our Nation!

Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country. They are all talk and no action. Likewise, Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years, and do Nothing. The Dems dont care, such BAD laws. May close the Southern Border!

The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They are suffering a major breakdown, have ZERO credibility or respect, &amp; must be thinking about going legit. I have learned to live with Fake News, which has never been more corrupt than it is right now. Someday, I will tell you the secret!

Will be heading to Grand Rapids, Michigan, tonight for a Big Rally. Will be talking about the many exciting things that are happening to our Country, but also the car companies, &amp; others, that are pouring back into Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, North &amp; South Carolina &amp; all over!

We are here today to award Americas highest military honor to a fallen hero who made the supreme sacrifice for our nation  Staff Sergeant Travis Atkins

Just met with @SundarPichai, President of @Google, who is obviously doing quite well. He stated strongly that he is totally committed to the U.S. Military, not the Chinese Military

Also discussed political fairness and various things that @Google can do for our Country. Meeting ended very well!

@GreggJarrett: Trump-Russia collusion was always a hoax -- and dirtiest political trick in modern US history

The Fake News Media has lost tremendous credibility with its corrupt coverage of the illegal Democrat Witch Hunt of your all time favorite duly elected President, me! T.V. ratings of CNN &amp; MSNBC tanked last night after seeing the Mueller Report statement. @FoxNews up BIG!

I think this is probably the most consequential media screwup of the last 25 to 50 years. It is difficult to comprehend or overstate the damage that the media did to the Country, to their own reputation or to the Constitution. An absolute catastrophe Sean Davis  @TuckerCarlson

Proclamation on Recognizing the Golan Heights as Part of the State of Israel

Thank you to the House Republicans for sticking together and the BIG WIN today on the Border. Todays vote simply reaffirms Congressional Democrats are the party of Open Borders, Drugs and Crime!

A Catastrophic Media Failure

The Republican Party will become The Party of Healthcare!

What were seeing on Capitol Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President. @ByronYork @BillHemmer Should never have been started, a disgrace!

What were seeing on Capital Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President. @ByronYork  @BillHemmer Should never have been started, a disgrace!

The Mainstream Media is under fire and being scorned all over the World as being corrupt and FAKE. For two years they pushed the Russian Collusion Delusion when they always knew there was No Collusion. They truly are the Enemy of the People and the Real Opposition Party!

A team of great champions!

WSJ: Obama Admin Must Account for Abuse of Surveillance Powers  via @BreitbartNews

Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @Netanyahu of Israel back to the @WhiteHouse where I signed a Presidential Proclamation recognizing Israels sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Read more:

Breaking News: Mueller Report Finds No Trump-Russia Conspiracy. @MSNBC

The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign, or anyone associated with it, conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these efforts, despite multiple offers from Russian-affiliated individuals to assist the Trump Campaign

No matter your ideologies or your loyalties, this is a good day for America. No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election, according to Robert Mueller, and that is good.  @BretBaier  @FoxNews

No Collusion, No Obstruction, Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Good Morning, Have A Great Day!

Today in Florida, @FLOTUS and I were honored to welcome and meet with leaders from the Bahamas, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, and Saint Lucia!

It was announced today by the U.S. Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on North Korea. I have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional Sanctions!

It is my pleasure to announce that @StephenMoore, a very respected Economist, will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board. I have known Steve for a long time  and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice!

There is nothing to admire about them, they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope, but they are losers and barely breathing. Think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family!

ISIS uses the internet better than almost anyone, but for all of those susceptible to ISIS propaganda, they are now being beaten badly at every level

Our own Benjamin Hall is doing fantastic reporting on ISIS right on the from line (True). ISIS was willing to die but now, because of big pressure, save for a few people in caves, most have surrendered. A testament to our President. Thank you Pete Hegseth @foxandfriends

3.1 GDP FOR THE YEAR, BEST NUMBER IN 14 YEARS!

Today we celebrate the lives and achievements of Americans with Down Syndrome. @VP and I will always stand with these wonderful families, and together we will always stand for LIFE! #WorldDownSyndromeDay

We are here today to take historic action to defend American Students and American Values. In a few moments, I will be signing an Executive Order to protect FREE SPEECH on College Campuses

After 52 years it is time for the United States to fully recognize Israels Sovereignty over the Golan Heights, which is of critical strategic and security importance to the State of Israel and Regional Stability!

John Solomon: As Russia Collusion fades, Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges. @seanhannity  @FoxNews

The reason we have the Special Counsel investigation is that James Comey (a dirty cop) leaked his memos to a friend, who leaked them to the press, on purpose. @KennedyNation Totally illegal!

Leaving the GREAT STATE of OHIO for the @WhiteHouse. A really great day!

ISIS Caliphate two years ago in red vs. ISIS Caliphate TODAY. (Was even worse in November 2016 before I took office)

Really beautiful to see!

Great news from @Ford! They are investing nearly $1 BILLION in Flat Rock, Michigan for auto production on top of a $1 BILLION investment last month in a facility outside of Chicago. Companies are pouring back into the United States - they want to be where the action is!

I am thrilled to be here in Ohio with the hardworking men and women of the Lima Army Tank Plant! We are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you, for Northwest Ohio, for our GREAT MILITARY, and for our entire Country

George Conway, often referred to as Mr. Kellyanne Conway by those who know him, is VERY jealous of his wifes success &amp; angry that I, with her help, didnt give him the job he so desperately wanted. I barely know him but just take a look, a stone cold LOSER &amp; husband from hell!

The Democrats are getting very strange. They now want to change the voting age to 16, abolish the Electoral College, and Increase significantly the number of Supreme Court Justices. Actually, youve got to win it at the Ballot Box!

Not a good situation!

just the large States - the Cities would end up running the Country. Smaller States &amp; the entire Midwest would end up losing all power - &amp; we cant let that happen. I used to like the idea of the Popular Vote, but now realize the Electoral College is far better for the U.S.A

Campaigning for the Popular Vote is much easier &amp; different than campaigning for the Electoral College. Its like training for the 100 yard dash vs. a marathon. The brilliance of the Electoral College is that you must go to many States to win. With the Popular Vote, you go to

Thank you @JesseBWatters, could not have said it any better myself!

Amazingly, CNN just released a poll at 71%, saying that the economy is in the best shape since 2001, 18 years! WOW, is CNN becoming a believer?

I will be looking into this! #StopTheBias

Facebook, Google and Twitter, not to mention the Corrupt Media, are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not, we will win anyway, just like we did before! #MAGA

You cant dispel this mood of positive energy.  @Varneyco  The Economy is Great!

A total loser!

The Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now. There has never been a time like this in American History. Very exciting but also, very sad! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself!

Rep. Devin Nunes Files $250M Defamation Lawsuit Against Twitter, Two Anonymous Twitter Accounts  via @thedailybeast

While the press doesnt like writing about it, nor do I need them to, I donate my yearly Presidential salary of $400,000.00 to different agencies throughout the year, this to Homeland Security. If I didnt do it there would be hell to pay from the FAKE NEWS MEDIA!

Our prayers are with the great people of South Dakota. We are staying in close contact with @GovKristiNoem and all the State and Local leaders during and after these devastating floods. Everyone be safe!

My team is staying in close contact with Governor Kim Reynolds (@IAGovernor) of Iowa and the local officials managing these floods. We support you and thank all of the first responders working long hours to help the great people of Iowa!

GDP growth during the four quarters of 2018 was the fastest since 2005. This Administration is the first on record to have experienced economic growth that meets or exceeds its own forecasts in each of its first two years in office. GROWTH is beating MARKET EXPECTATIONS!

Wow! A Suffolk/USA Today Poll, just out, states, 50% of Americans AGREE that  Robert Muellers investigation is a Witch Hunt. @MSNBC  Very few think it is legit! We will soon find out?

The Fake News Media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in New Zealand. They will have to work very hard to prove that one. So Ridiculous!

Joe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President. Get used to it, another low I.Q. individual!

93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!

are all coming back to the U.S. So is everyone else. We now have the best Economy in the World, the envy of all. Get that big, beautiful plant in Ohio open now. Close a plant in China or Mexico, where you invested so heavily pre-Trump, but not in the U.S.A. Bring jobs home!

General Motors and the UAW are going to start talks in September/October. Why wait, start them now! I want jobs to stay in the U.S.A. and want Lordstown (Ohio), in one of the best economies in our history, opened or sold to a company who will open it up fast! Car companies

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election, first at the ballot box and then, after that failed, with the Insurance Policy, is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!

Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant. I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING. I asked her to sell it or do something quickly. She blamed the UAW Union  I dont care, I just want it open!

Those Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security (and the Wall) are being uniformly praised as they return to their States. They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border, and they had the courage to ACT. Great job!

Were @FoxNews weekend anchors, @ArthelNeville and @LelandVittert, trained by CNN prior to their ratings collapse? In any event, thats where they should be working, along with their lowest rated anchor, Shepard Smith!

Democrat UAW Local 1112 President David Green ought to get his act together and produce. G.M. let our Country down, but other much better car companies are coming into the U.S. in droves. I want action on Lordstown fast. Stop complaining and get the job done! 3.8% Unemployment!

to the people that got you there. Keep fighting for Tucker, and fight hard for @JudgeJeanine. Your competitors are jealous - they all want what youve got - NUMBER ONE. Dont hand it to them on a silver platter. They cant beat you, you can only beat yourselves!

must stay strong and fight back with vigor. Stop working soooo hard on being politically correct, which will only bring you down, and continue to fight for our Country. The losers all want what you have, dont give it to them. Be strong &amp; prosper, be weak &amp; die! Stay true

Bring back @JudgeJeanine Pirro. The Radical Left Democrats, working closely with their beloved partner, the Fake News Media, is using every trick in the book to SILENCE a majority of our Country. They have all out campaigns against @FoxNews hosts who are doing too well. Fox

Happy St. Patricks Day!

So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) last in his class (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp; the Dems, working together, failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!

So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) last in his class (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp; the Dems, working together,  failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!

Report: Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat &amp; Crooked Hillary paid for Fake &amp; Unverified Dossier with information he got from send in watchers of low ratings CNN. This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt!

Should Federal Election Commission and/or FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and, of course, Russia! Such one sided media coverage, most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52%, 93% with Republicans. Sorry!  #MAGA

Its truly incredible that shows like Saturday Night Live, not funny/no talent, can spend all of their time knocking the same person (me), over &amp; over, without so much of a mention of the other side. Like an advertisement without consequences. Same with Late Night Shows

How is the Paris Environmental Accord working out for France? After 18 weeks of rioting by the Yellow Vest Protesters, I guess not so well! In the meantime, the United States has gone to the top of all lists on the Environment

Google is helping China and their military, but not the U.S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton, and not Trump....and how did that turn out?

Because the economy is so good, General Motors must get their Lordstown, Ohio, plant open, maybe in a different form or with a new owner, FAST! Toyota is investing 13.5 $Billion in U.S., others likewise. G.M. MUST ACT QUICKLY. Time is of the essence!

Spreading the fake and totally discredited Dossier is unfortunately a very dark stain against John McCain. Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel. He had far worse stains than this, including thumbs down on repeal and replace after years of campaigning to repeal and replace!

This is a National Emergency

Mark Morgan, Former Border Patrol Chief with great experience in Law Enforcement, really understands the subjects of Immigration and the Border. Thank you Mark!  @foxandfriends

Veto Message to the House of Representatives for H.J. Res. 46:

On the recent non-binding vote (420-0) in Congress about releasing the Mueller Report, I told leadership to let all Republicans vote for transparency. Makes us all look good and doesnt matter. Play along with the game!

Just spoke w/ @GovRicketts. The people of Nebraska &amp; across the Midwest, especially the Farmers &amp; Ranchers, are feeling the impacts from severe weather. The first responders &amp; emergency response teams have done a great job dealing w/ record flooding, high winds, &amp; road closures

Just spoke with Jacinda Ardern, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 hours. I informed the Prime Minister

that we stand in solidarity with New Zealand  and that any assistance the U.S.A. can give, we stand by ready to help. We love you New Zealand!

Id like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This will help stop Crime, Human Trafficking, and Drugs entering our Country. Watch, when you get back to your State, they will LOVE you more than ever before!

THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!

should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal &amp; conflicted investigation in search of a crime. Russian Collusion was nothing more than an excuse by the Democrats for losing an Election that they thought they were going to win

So, if there was knowingly &amp; acknowledged to be zero crime when the Special Counsel was appointed, and if the appointment was made based on the Fake Dossier (paid for by Crooked Hillary) and now disgraced Andrew McCabe (he &amp; all stated no crime), then the Special Counsel

New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI, DOJ &amp; CIA were working together to Spy on (and take out) President Trump, all the way back in 2015. A transcript of Peter Strzoks testimony is devastating. Hopefully the Mueller Report will be covering this. @OANN @foxandfriends

The Jexodus movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat Party. Total disrespect! Republicans are waiting with open arms. Remember Jerusalem (U.S. Embassy) and the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal! @OANN  @foxandfriends

My warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of New Zealand after the horrible massacre in the Mosques. 49 innocent people have so senselessly died, with so many more seriously injured. The U.S. stands by New Zealand for anything we can do. God bless all!

Breitbart News Network  via @BreitbartNews

I look forward to VETOING the just passed Democrat inspired Resolution which would OPEN BORDERS while increasing Crime, Drugs, and Trafficking in our Country. I thank all of the Strong Republicans who voted to support Border Security and our desperately needed WALL!

VETO!

Congratulations @Toyota! BIG NEWS for U.S. Auto Workers! The USMCA is already fixing the broken NAFTA deal

A vote for todays resolution by Republican Senators is a vote for Nancy Pelosi, Crime, and the Open Border Democrats!

If, at a later date, Congress wants to update the law, I will support those efforts, but todays issue is BORDER SECURITY and Crime!!! Dont vote with Pelosi!

Prominent legal scholars agree that our actions to address the National Emergency at the Southern Border and to protect the American people are both CONSTITUTIONAL and EXPRESSLY authorized by Congress

Happy National Ag Day!

The three very weak and untalented late night hosts are fighting over table scraps. Carson did a great job, it wasnt political. I dont know what theyre going to do in 2024 when hes no longer President?  Will be wacky in the unemployment line. Michael Loftus @foxandfriends

The Democrats are Border Deniers. They refuse to see or acknowledge the Death, Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking at our Southern Border!

My Administration looks forward to negotiating a large scale Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. The potential is unlimited!

A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security &amp; the Wall (which is already under major construction). I am prepared to veto, if necessary. The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare, but it can be easily fixed!

Democrats are frantic to throw something else at the President. Thats why you saw those 81 subpoenas. Its ridiculous. Just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 1/2 years ago, you should not be allowed to ruin peoples lives like this. Lara Trump, @FoxNews

I agree with Rand Paul. This is a total disgrace and should NEVER happen to another President!

The Lisa Page (FBI) transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed. Catherine Herridge, @FoxNews  In other words they appointed someone when there was (and is) no crime. Bad!

Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer (Lisa Page) admits being told to go easy on Clinton.  Very unfair!  @FoxNews

Republican Senators are overthinking tomorrows vote on National Emergency. It is very simply Border Security/No Crime - Should not be thought of any other way. We have a MAJOR NATIONAL EMERGENCY at our Border and the People of our Country know it very well!

Democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20% issue in opposing Republican Senators tomorrow. The Dems are for Open Borders and Crime!

Comey testified (under oath) that it was a unanimous decision on Crooked Hillary. Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED. @jasoninthehouse

The Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania, then propelled conspiracy theories that its actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places. They are only getting more deranged with time!

The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was, a broken and corrupt machine. Hopefully, justice will finally be served. Much more to come!

Defying voters, the Governor of California will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers. Friends and families of the always forgotten VICTIMS are not thrilled, and neither am I!

KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Jay Leno points out that comedy (on the very boring late night shows) is totally one-sided. Its tough when theres only one topic. @foxandfriends  Actually, the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me, unwatchable. But remember, WE are number one - President!

a man who is considered by many to be the President with the most successful first two years in history, especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for high crimes and misdemeanors?

I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosis statement against impeachment, but everyone must remember the minor fact that I never did anything wrong, the Economy and Unemployment are the best ever, Military and Vets are great - and many other successes! How do you impeach

So many records being set with respect to our Economy. Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER. A beautiful thing to watch!

All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman &amp; Cuomo. So many leaving New York!

All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman &amp; Coumo. So many leaving New York!

All part of the Witch Hunt!

New York State and its Governor, Andrew Cuomo, are now proud members of the group of PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS. No wonder people are fleeing the State in record numbers. The Witch Hunt continues!

needed, and the complexity creates danger. All of this for great cost yet very little gain. I dont know about you, but I dont want Albert Einstein to be my pilot. I want great flying professionals that are allowed to easily and quickly take control of a plane!

Airplanes are becoming far too complex to fly. Pilots are no longer needed, but rather computer scientists from MIT. I see it all the time in many products. Always seeking to go one unnecessary step further, when often old and simpler is far better. Split second decisions are

Patrick Moore, co-founder of Greenpeace: The whole climate crisis is not only Fake News, its Fake Science. There is no climate crisis, theres weather and climate all around the world, and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life. @foxandfriends  Wow!

Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party. We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration, and it got worsts &amp; worse. There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party. They dont care about Israel or the Jewish people. Elizabeth Pipko, Jexodus

Republican Senators have a very easy vote this week. It is about Border Security and the Wall (stopping Crime, Drugs etc.), not Constitutionality and Precedent. It is an 80% positive issue. The Dems are 100% United, as usual, on a 20% issue, Open Borders and Crime. Get tough Rs!

Making Daylight Saving Time permanent is O.K. with me!

At a recent round table meeting of business executives, &amp; long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple, I quickly referred to Tim + Apple as Tim/Apple as an easy way to save time &amp; words. The Fake News was disparagingly all over this, &amp; it became yet another bad Trump story!

Theres not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong. @GrahamLedger One America News.  So true, a total Witch Hunt - All started illegally by Crooked Hillary Clinton, the DNC and others!

More people are working today in the United States, 158,000,000, than at any time in our Countrys history. That is a Big Deal!

Despite the most hostile and corrupt media in the history of American politics, the Trump Administration has accomplished more in its first two years than any other Administration. Judges, biggest Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, V.A. Choice, Best Economy, Lowest Unemployment &amp; much more!

Donald Trumps Approval Rating is at or near his highest level ever. The media is not being honest about what is happening in this Country. Jesse Watters

Will soon be 145 Judges!

This is just the beginning!

The Witch Hunt continues!

and renovated, with MUCH MORE to follow shortly. Tens of thousands of illegals are being apprehended (captured) at the Border and NOT allowed into our Country. With another President, millions would be pouring in. I am stopping an invasion as the Wall gets built. #MAGA

Wacky Nut Job @AnnCoulter, who still hasnt figured out that, despite all odds and an entire Democrat Party of Far Left Radicals against me (not to mention certain Republicans who are sadly unwilling to fight), I am winning on the Border. Major sections of Wall are being built

I hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train, which is $Billions over budget &amp; in total disarray. Time to reduce taxes in California!

Border Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended (captured) large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border. They wont be coming into the U.S. The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future, and now!

@RepMikeTurner  The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty.  Also when he said no collusion and I did not tell him to lie!

Unimaginable loss - Such great people!

Sessions didnt have a clue!

Aluminum prices are down 12% since I instituted Tariffs on Aluminum Dumping - and the U.S. will be taking in Billions, plus jobs. Nice!

Congratulations to Heather Wilson, who is the sole finalist to become the next President of University of Texas at El Paso effective September 1, 2019. Heather has done an absolutely fantastic job

as Secretary of the Air Force, and I know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education. A strong thank you to Heather for her service

Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon. His lawyers totally contradicted him. He lied! Additionally, he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO. He lied again! He also badly wanted to work at the White House. He lied!

Heading now to the Great State of Alabama!

On International Womens Day, we honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities, families, governments, and businesses

Womens unemployment rate is down to 3.6% - was 7.9% in January, 2011. Things are looking good!

We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents!

This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker. We have the strongest economy in the world.  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends  So true!

Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia. But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House &amp; Senate Intelligence &amp; Senator Burr. So bad for our Country!

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media. It is totally out of control, but we are winning!

Thank you @foxandfriends. Great show!

The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!

Breaking News @MSNBC: Cohens lawyer contradicts Cohens testimony about never seeking a Presidential Pardon

We are on track to APPREHEND more than one million people coming across the Southern Border this year. Great job by Border Patrol (and others) who are working in a Broken System. Can be fixed by Congress so easily and quickly if only the Democrats would get on board!

It was not a campaign contribution, and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me. Fake News!

Democrats just blocked @FoxNews from holding a debate. Good, then I think Ill do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!

Wall Street Journal: More migrant families crossing into the U.S. illegally have been arrested in the first five months of the federal fiscal year than in any prior full year. We are doing a great job at the border, but this is a National Emergency!

Congressman Chris Stewart: No one is accusing the President of a crime and yet they (the Democrats) are issuing hundreds of subpoenas. This is unprecedented. They are desperately trying to find anything they can, even a punctuation mistake in a document!

American Workforce Policy Advisory Board Meeting at the @WhiteHouse!

It is shameful that House Democrats wont take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and its inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!

Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent, they are voting on desperately needed Border Security &amp; the Wall. Our Country is being invaded with Drugs, Human Traffickers, &amp; Criminals of all shapes and sizes. Thats what this vote is all about. STAY UNITED!

Weirdo Tom Steyer doesnt have the guts or money to run for President. Hes all talk!

Hans Von Spakovsky, I havent seen any evidence of actual violations of the law, which is usually a basis before you start an investigation. Adam Schiff seems to be copying Joseph McCarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they dont have any evidence of wrongdoing

Presidential Harassment!

(Crooked) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020, rules out a third bid for White House. Aw-shucks, does that mean I wont get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!

Scott Gottlieb, who has done an absolutely terrific job as Commissioner of the FDA, plans to leave government service sometime next month

Scott has helped us to lower drug prices, get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market, and so many other things. He and his talents will be greatly missed!

Just a few moments ago, I signed an EO addressing one of our nations most heartbreaking tragedies: VETERANS SUICIDE. To every VeteranI want you to know that you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you. You will NEVER be forgotten

Our great First Lady (@FLOTUS) will be doing a LIVE show TODAY at 1:00 PM PT with the terrific @EricBolling at the @WestgateVegas Resort. Shes on her #BeBest Tour, helping address the #OpioidCrisis. Free admission for the first 1,500 people!

Republican Approval Rating just hit 93%. Sorry Haters! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

The greatest overreach in the history of our Country. The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done. A big, fat, fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime, when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing, and have done!

HIV Is Cured In 2nd Patient, Doctors Report. @nytimes  Such great news for so many. Tremendous progress being made!

Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton &amp; the Democrats, Nadler, Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They wont get ANYTHING done for our Country!

@StarParker is indeed a Star! Thank you. Center for Urban Renewal &amp; Ed. @JesseBWatters @LauraIngram

Representative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!

We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCarthyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism. @seanhannity

We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCathyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism. @seanhannity

Amazon, like the Washington Post. Its hard to remember that not so long ago America had prestige media outlets, but not anymore. @TuckerCarlson   The Fake News Media is the true Enemy of the People!

The American Media has changed forever. News organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct.  Those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition, like the New Yorker - or theyve been purchased by Jeff Bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for

Presidential Harassment!

There is no Collusion. All of these investigations are in search of a crime. Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump. Ridiculous! @DevinNunes @FoxNews

Now that the Dems are going to try &amp; switch from Collusion to some other reason, it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didnt accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President. @AriFleischer It will never work!

The military drills, or war games as I call them, were never even discussed in my mtg w/ Kim Jong Un of NKFAKE NEWS! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U.S. far too much money to have those games, especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost!

FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovernorKayIvey, one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!)

FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovIvey, one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!)

To the great people of Alabama and surrounding areas: Please be careful and safe. Tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming. To the families and friends of the victims, and to the injured, God bless you all!

And also illegally leaking to Fake News CNN &amp; others?

Schumer &amp; the Democrats are hurting our Country. Senate Republicans must take BOLD ACTION!

For the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar &amp; fraudster, at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea, is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the walk. Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!

President. We are WINNING big, the envy of the WORLD, but just think what it could be?

Presidential Harassment by crazed Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country. Likewise, the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for any

The reason I do not want military drills with South Korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the U.S. for which we are not reimbursed. That was my position long before I became President. Also, reducing tensions with North Korea at this time is a good thing!

My wonderful daughter, Ivanka, will be interviewed tonight by Steve Hilton on The Next Revolution. @FoxNews 9:00 P.M. She works so hard and has achieved so much for the U.S.A.(and gets so little credit!). Then watch Mark Levin at 10:00 P.M., a great show!

Look how theyre acting now and how we act when were in the majority. What the Democrats are doing is an abuse of power. They couldnt find anything...they took a Fake Dossier &amp; couldnt find any Collusion. Now they have a fake witness in Cohen. Congressman Mark Green, (R-TN)

After more than two years of Presidential Harassment, the only things that have been proven is that Democrats and other broke the law. The hostile Cohen testimony, given by a liar to reduce his prison time, proved no Collusion! His just written book manuscript showed what he

said was a total lie, but Fake Media wont show it. I am an innocent man being persecuted by some very bad, conflicted &amp; corrupt people in a Witch Hunt that is illegal &amp; should never have been allowed to start - And only because I won the Election! Despite this, great success!

Weve got NASA rocking again. Great activity and success. Congrats to SPACEX and all!

The brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer Michael Cohen shows his testimony was a total lie! Pundits should only use it

Virtually everything failed lawyer Michael Cohen said in his sworn testimony last week is totally contradicted in his just released manuscript for a book about me. Its a total new love letter to Trump and the pols must now use it rather than his lies for sentence reduction!

Thank you @marklevinshow!

@TeamCavuto  It was a 3 day train ride to Vietnam, not 3 hours!

Will be speaking at CPAC at 11:30 this morning. Record crowd, live broadcast. Enjoy!

Very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world. Also, furthers U.K. relationship!

I have asked China to immediately remove all Tariffs on our agricultural products (including beef, pork, etc.) based on the fact that we are moving along nicely with Trade discussions

and I did not increase their second traunch of Tariffs to 25% on March 1st. This is very important for our great farmers - and me!

for Ottos mistreatment and death. Most important, Otto Warmbier will not have died in vain. Otto and his family have become a tremendous symbol of strong passion and strength, which will last for many years into the future. I love Otto and think of him often!

I never like being misinterpreted, but especially when it comes to Otto Warmbier and his great family. Remember, I got Otto out along with three others. The previous Administration did nothing, and he was taken on their watch. Of course I hold North Korea responsible

Michael Cohens book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clintons lawyer, Lanny Davis, say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?

and the fraudulent and dishonest statements he made on Wednesday. No way, its time to stop this corrupt and illegally brought Witch Hunt. Time to start looking at the other side where real crimes were committed. Republicans have been abused long enough. Must end now!

Oh I see! Now that the 2 year Russian Collusion case has fallen apart, there was no Collusion except bye Crooked Hillary and the Democrats, they say, gee, I have an idea, lets look at Trumps finances and every deal he has ever done. Lets follow discredited Michael Cohen

Congress must demand the transcript of Michael Cohens new book, given to publishers a short time ago. Your heads will spin when you see the lies, misrepresentations and contradictions  against his Thursday testimony. Like a different person! He is totally discredited!

Wow, just revealed that Michael Cohen wrote a love letter to Trump manuscript for a new book that he was pushing. Written and submitted long after Charlottesville and Helsinki, his phony reasons for going rogue. Book is exact opposite of his fake testimony, which now is a lie!

Great to be back from Vietnam, an amazing place. We had very substantive negotiations with Kim Jong Un - we know what they want and they know what we must have. Relationship very good, lets see what happens!

Today in Alaska, it was my great honor to visit with our brave men and women of the United States Military at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. We are forever grateful for their service and sacrifice. THANK YOU!

I will be interviewed by @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

Everyone MUST watch the opening to @TuckerCarlson - A Classic! @foxnews

THANK YOU to our generous hosts in Hanoi this week: President Trong, Prime Minister Phuc, and the wonderful people of Vietnam!

Great meeting and dinner with Kim Jong Un in Hanoi, Vietnam tonight. Looking forward to continuing our discussions tomorrow! #HanoiSummit

Great meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Very good dialogue. Resuming tomorrow!

All false reporting (guessing) on my intentions with respect to North Korea. Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization &amp; then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse. I believe that China, Russia, Japan &amp; South Korea will be very helpful!

Fiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6,500 JOBS in Michigan (Detroit area), doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 4.5 Billion Dollar investment. Thank you Fiat Chrysler. They are all coming back to the USA, its where the action is!

Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying &amp; fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crookeds lawyer!

I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal, the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is Connecticut doing?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!

The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didnt do it during eight years of the Obama Administration?

Vietnam is thriving like few places on earth. North Korea would be the same, and very quickly, if it would denuclearize. The potential is AWESOME, a great opportunity, like almost none other in history, for my friend Kim Jong Un. We will know fairly soon - Very Interesting!

Just arrived in Vietnam. Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi. Tremendous crowds, and so much love!

This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we should all agree on, its protecting the lives of innocent babies

Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they dont mind executing babies AFTER birth

If a deal is made with China, our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before!

Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!

China Trade Deal (and more) in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U.S. tariff hikes. Lets see what happens?

our foreign partners. Recovering American hostages is a priority of my Admin, and with Dannys release, we have now secured freedom for 20 American captives since my election victory. We will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining American hostages back home!

Dannys recovery reflects the best of what the United States &amp; its partners can accomplish.
We work every day to bring Americans home. We maintain constant and intensive diplomatic, intelligence, and law enforcement cooperation within the United States Government and with

It is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch, a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months, has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children. I appreciate the support of the United Arab Emirates in bringing Danny home

Congratulations to @DJohnsonPGA on his 20th PGA Tour WIN. Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer, he is a wonderful guy. Big year ahead for Dustin!

Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)s as they continue to grow. We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible!

Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security. Please explain that to me? @Varneyco

I hope our great Republican Senators dont get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without strong Borders, we dont have a Country - and the voters are on board with us. Be strong and smart, dont fall into the Democrats trap of Open Borders and Crime!

Former Senator Harry Reid (he got thrown out) is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career. He led through lies and deception, only to be replaced by another beauty, Cryin Chuck Schumer. Some things just never change!

Meeting for breakfast with our Nations Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very important Summit with Kim Jong Un. With complete Denuclearization, North Korea will rapidly become an Economic Powerhouse. Without it, just more of the same. Chairman Kim will make a wise decision!

Oil prices getting too high. OPEC, please relax and take it easy. World cannot take a price hike - fragile!

Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes, or better yet not have to use notes at all, when doing his racist hit on your President, who has done more for African Americans (Criminal Justice Reform, Lowest Unemployment numbers in History, Tax Cuts,etc.) than almost any other Pres!

We have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border. Border Patrol, our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job, but without the Wall, which is now under major construction, you cannot have Border Security. Drugs, Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped!

productive talks, I will be delaying the U.S. increase in tariffs now scheduled for March 1. Assuming both sides make additional progress, we will be planning a Summit for President Xi and myself, at Mar-a-Lago, to conclude an agreement. A very good weekend for U.S. &amp; China!

I am pleased to report that the U.S. has made substantial progress in our trade talks with China on important structural issues including intellectual property protection, technology transfer, agriculture, services, currency, and many other issues. As a result of these very

So funny to watch people who have failed for years, they got NOTHING, telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. But thanks anyway!

The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And, wheres the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI?  Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover, Peter S? We want them now!

93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 52% Approval Rating overall! Not bad considering I get the most unfair (BAD) press in the history of presidential politics! And dont forget the Witch Hunt!

Poll: Suburban women are coming back into the Republican Party in droves because of the Wall and Border Security. 70% support Border Security and the Wall. Not believing the Walls are immoral line. Beverly Hallberg, Independent Womens Forum @KatiePavlich  A great USA issue!

Chairman Kim realizes, perhaps better than anyone else, that without nuclear weapons, his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World. Because of its location and people (and him), it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation!

President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door. Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful. Great relationship with Chairman Kim!

Very productive talks yesterday with China on Trade. Will continue today! I will be leaving for Hanoi, Vietnam, early tomorrow for a Summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea, where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first Summit in Singapore. Denuclearization?

HOLD THE DATE! We will be having one of the biggest gatherings in the history of Washington, D.C., on July 4th. It will be called A Salute To America and will be held at the Lincoln Memorial. Major fireworks display, entertainment and an address by your favorite President, me!

So great being with you both in the Oval Office!

Theres not one shred of evidence that this presidents done anything Constitutionally (or anything else) wrong. Graham Ledger.  Thank you Graham, so true!

The people of Venezuela stand at the threshold of history, ready to reclaim their country  and their future

There is far more ENERGY on the Right than there is on the Left. Thats why we just won the Senate and why we will win big in 2020. The Fake News just doesnt want to report the facts. Border Security is a big factor. The under construction Wall will stop Gangs, Drugs and Crime!

God Bless the people of Venezuela!

Great new book: The Case For Trump by Victor Davis Hanson, Hoover Senior Fellow

I am pleased to announce that Kelly Knight Craft, our current Ambassador to Canada, is being nominated to be United States Ambassador to the United Nations

Kelly has done an outstanding job representing our Nation and I have no doubt that, under her leadership, our Country will be represented at the highest level. Congratulations to Kelly and her entire family!

A must read by @KimStrassel!

Fake News is so bad for our Country!

Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, head of Senate Intelligence, said, after interviewing over 200 witnesses and studying over 2 million pages of documents, WE HAVE FOUND NO COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA. The Witch Hunt, so bad for our Country, must end!

We are here to honor the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to every aspect of American Life, History and Culture. From the earliest days of this Nation, African-American Leaders, Pioneers, &amp; Visionaries have uplifted &amp; inspired our Country

Senator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas. He is strong on Crime, the Border, the Second Amendment and loves our Military and Vets. John has my complete and total endorsement. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@JussieSmollett - what about MAGA and the tens of millions of people you insulted with your racist and dangerous comments!? #MAGA

THE WALL IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION RIGHT NOW!

something that is so obviously the future. I want the United States to win through competition, not by blocking out currently more advanced technologies. We must always be the leader in everything we do, especially when it comes to the very exciting world of technology!

I want 5G, and even 6G, technology in the United States as soon as possible. It is far more powerful, faster, and smarter than the current standard. American companies must step up their efforts, or get left behind. There is no reason that we should be lagging behind on

I have instructed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and he fully agrees, not to allow Hoda Muthana back into the Country!

We have just built this powerful Wall in New Mexico. Completed on January 30, 2019  47 days ahead of schedule! Many miles more now under construction! #FinishTheWall

California now wants to scale back their already failed fast train project by substantially shortening the distance so that it no longer goes from L.A. to San Francisco. A different deal and record cost overruns. Send the Federal Government back the Billions of Dollars WASTED!

The New York Times reporting is false. They are a true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!

If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia, than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey, the Inspector General.... Trey Gowdy

The Washington Post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against President Donald J. Trump. Covington student suing WAPO. Go get them Nick. Fake News!

The Press has never been more dishonest than it is today. Stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact. The writers dont even call asking for verification. They are totally out of control. Sadly, I kept many of them in business. In six years, they all go BUST!

Crazy Bernie has just entered the race. I wish him well!

Andrew McCabe gave absolutely no evidence of any threat to substantiate his ABSURD claim. @LouDobbs

I never said anything bad about Andrew McCabes wife other than she (they) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him (another McCabe made up lie)!

The Washington Post is a Fact Checker only for the Democrats. For the Republicans, and for your all time favorite President, it is a Fake Fact Checker!

The failed Fast Train project in California, where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!

As I predicted, 16 states, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!

The failed Fast Train project in California, were the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!

As I predicted, 16 cities, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!

Had the opposition party (no, not the Media) won the election, the Stock Market would be down at least 10,000 points by now. We are heading up, up, up!

(The Witch Hunt) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history, marking the first occasion in which the U.S. government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election (presidential)! Victor Davis Hanson  And got caught! @FoxNews

Remember this, Andrew McCabe didnt go to the bathroom without the approval of Leakin James Comey!

Thank you Andrew - We all miss beautiful Meadow!

Thank you JT!

Amazing!

The biggest abuse of power and corruption scandal in our history, and its much worse than we thought. Andrew McCabe (FBI) admitted to plotting a coup (government overthrow) when he was serving in the FBI, before he was fired for lying &amp; leaking. @seanhannity @FoxNews  Treason!

Today more than 50 countries around the world now recognize the rightful government of Venezuela. The Venezuelan people have spoken and the world has heard their voice. They are turning the page on Socialism and Dictatorship; and there will be NO GOING BACK!

I ask every member of the Maduro regime: End this nightmare of poverty, hunger and death. LET YOUR PEOPLE GO. Set your country free! Now is the time for all Venezuelan Patriots to act together, as one united people. Nothing could be better for the future of Venezuela!

The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY  and the United States of America is standing right by their side!

We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America. In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere, Socialism is DYING - and liberty, prosperity, and democracy are being REBORN

Hope you are enjoying your Presidents Day, our Country is making unprecedented progress!

This was an illegal coup attempt on the President of the United States. Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  True!

Great analysis by @foxandfriends!

There is a lot of explaining to do to the millions of people who had just elected a president who they really like and who has done a great job for them with the Military, Vets, Economy and so much more. This was the illegal and treasonous insurance policy in full action!

Wow, so many lies by now disgraced acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. He was fired for lying, and now his story gets even more deranged. He and Rod Rosenstein, who was hired by Jeff Sessions (another beauty), look like they were planning a very illegal act, and got caught

After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses, the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia.  Ken Dilanian @NBCNews

William Barr is arriving at a Justice Department that desperately needs an infusion of credibility, writes @KimStrassel  via @WSJ

The Mueller investigation is totally conflicted, illegal and rigged! Should never have been allowed to begin, except for the Collusion and many crimes committed by the Democrats. Witch Hunt!

These guys, the investigators, ought to be in jail. What they have done, working with the Obama intelligence agencies, is simply unprecedented. This is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this Country, and Mueller is a coverup.  Rush Limbaugh

THE RIGGED AND CORRUPT MEDIA IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!

Nothing funny about tired Saturday Night Live on Fake News NBC! Question is, how do the Networks get away with these total Republican hit jobs without retribution? Likewise for many other shows? Very unfair and should be looked into. This is the real Collusion!

52% Approval Rating, 93% in Republican Party ( a record )! Pretty amazing considering that 93% (also) of my press is REALLY BAD. The people are SMART!

Democrats in the Senate are still slow walking hundreds of highly qualified people wanting to come into government. Never been such an abuse in our countrys history. Mitch should not let Senate go home until all are approved. We need our Ambassadors and all others NOW!

Important meetings and calls on China Trade Deal, and more, today with my staff. Big progress being made on soooo many different fronts! Our Country has such fantastic potential for future growth and greatness on an even higher level!

The U.S. does not want to watch as these ISIS fighters permeate Europe, which is where they are expected to go. We do so much, and spend so much - Time for others to step up and do the job that they are so capable of doing. We are pulling back after 100% Caliphate victory!

The United States is asking Britain, France, Germany and other European allies to take back over 800 ISIS fighters that we captured in Syria and put them on trial. The Caliphate is ready to fall. The alternative is not a good one in that we will be forced to release them

Trade negotiators have just returned from China where the meetings on Trade were very productive. Now at meetings with me at Mar-a-Lago giving the details. In the meantime, Billions of Dollars are being paid to the United States by China in the form of Trade Tariffs!

BUILDING THE WALL!

Great job by law enforcement in Aurora, Illinois. Heartfelt condolences to all of the victims and their families. America is with you!

Trying to use the 25th Amendment to try and circumvent the Election is a despicable act of unconstitutional power grabbing...which happens in third world countries. You have to obey the law. This is an attack on our system &amp; Constitution. Alan Dershowitz. @TuckerCarlson

After The Flight 93 Election, The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose, by very talented Michael Anton, is a terrific read. Check it out!

One year ago today, a horrific act of violence took the lives of 14 students and 3 educators in Parkland, Florida. On this somber anniversary, we honor their memory and recommit to ensuring the safety of all Americans, especially our Nations children

Reviewing the funding bill with my team at the @WhiteHouse!

funding bill

Many of the top FBI brass were fired, forced to leave, or left. McCabes wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton people for her campaign - he gave Hillary a pass. McCabe is a disgrace to the FBI and a disgrace to our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a poor little Angel when in fact he was a big part of the Crooked Hillary Scandal &amp; the Russia Hoax - a puppet for Leakin James Comey. I.G. report on McCabe was devastating. Part of insurance policy in case I won

California has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars. They owe the Federal Government three and a half billion dollars. We want that money back now. Whole project is a green disaster!

Today, it was my great honor to address the @MjrCitiesChiefs Association and @MCSheriffs Conference in Washington, D.C. We will never forget your service, and we will never, ever let you down! We love you, and we thank God for you each and every day

The Gallup Poll just announced that 69% of our great citizens expect their finances to improve next year, a 16 year high. Nice!

The Senate Intelligence Committee: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!

I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the Radical Left on Border Security. Not an easy task, but the Wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our Country!

Thank you to @MSNBC!

Will be getting almost $23 BILLION for Border Security. Regardless of Wall money, it is being built as we speak!

Was just presented the concept and parameters of the Border Security Deal by hard working Senator Richard Shelby. Looking over all aspects knowing that this will be hooked up with lots of money from other sources

Beautiful evening in El Paso, Texas last night. God Bless the USA!

We are fighting for all Americans, from all backgrounds, of every age, race, religion, birthplace, color &amp; creed. Our agenda is NOT a partisan agenda  it is the mainstream, common sense agenda of the American People. Thank you El Paso, Texas - I love you!

Coal is an important part of our electricity generation mix and @TVAnews should give serious consideration to all factors before voting to close viable power plants, like Paradise #3 in Kentucky!

#__

40 years of corruption. 40 years of repression. 40 years of terror. The regime in Iran has produced only #40YearsofFailure. The long-suffering Iranian people deserve a much brighter future

Will be heading to El Paso very soon. Big speech on Border Security and much else tonight. Tremendous crowd! See you later!

The Democrats are so self righteous and ANGRY! Loosen up and have some fun. The Country is doing well!

The Democrats do not want us to detain, or send back, criminal aliens! This is a brand new demand. Crazy!

No president ever worked harder than me (cleaning up the mess I inherited)!

Fact checkers have become Fake News. @JesseBWatters   So True!

The U.S. will soon control 100% of ISIS territory in Syria. @CNN (do you believe this?)

Well, it happened again. Amy Klobuchar announced that she is running for President, talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a virtual blizzard of snow, ice and freezing temperatures. Bad timing. By the end of her speech she looked like a Snowman(woman)!

The Border Committee Democrats are behaving, all of a sudden, irrationally. Not only are they unwilling to give dollars for the obviously needed Wall (they overrode recommendations of Border Patrol experts), but they dont even want to take muderers into custody! Whats going on?

President is on sound legal ground to declare a National Emergency. There have been 58 National Emergencies declared since the law was enacted in 1976, and 31 right now that are currently active, so this is hardly unprecedented. Congressman @tommcclintock

The fact is, when I took over as President, our Country was a mess. Depleted Military, Endless Wars, a potential War with North Korea, V.A., High Taxes &amp; too many Regulations, Border, Immigration &amp; HealthCare problems, &amp; much more. I had no choice but to work very long hours!

The media was able to get my work schedule, something very easy to do, but it should have been reported as a positive, not negative. When the term Executive Time is used, I am generally working, not relaxing. In fact, I probably work more hours than almost any past President

It was a very bad week for the Democrats, with the GREAT economic numbers, The Virginia disaster and the State of the Union address. Now, with the terrible offers being made by them to the Border Committee, I actually believe they want a Shutdown. They want a new subject!

I dont think the Dems on the Border Committee are being allowed by their leaders to make a deal. They are offering very little money for the desperately needed Border Wall &amp; now, out of the blue, want a cap on convicted violent felons to be held in detention!

Gallup Poll: Open Borders will potentially attract 42 million Latin Americans. This would be a disaster for the U.S. We need the Wall now!

African Americans are very angry at the double standard on full display in Virginia!

Senator Richard Burr, The Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, just announced that after almost two years, more than two hundred interviews, and thousands of documents, they have found NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA! Is anybody really surprised by this?

I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the so-called Carbon Footprint to permanently eliminate all Planes, Cars, Cows, Oil, Gas &amp; the Military - even if no other country would do the same. Brilliant!

Today Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas, joined the race for President. Will she run as our first Native American presidential candidate, or has she decided that after 32 years, this is not playing so well anymore? See you on the campaign TRAIL, Liz!

The Democrats just dont seem to want Border Security. They are fighting Border Agents recommendations. If you believe news reports, they are not offering much for the Wall. They look to be making this a campaign issue. The Wall will get built one way or the other!

We have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks. If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election, the U.S. would be in a Depression right now! We were heading down, and dont let the Democrats sound bites fool you!

The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see. When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win!

It was great meeting some of our outstanding young military personnel who were wounded in both Syria and Afghanistan. Their wounds are deep but their spirit is sooo high. They will recoverer &amp; be back very soon. America loves them. Walter Reed Hospital is AMAZING - Thank you all!

North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, will become a great Economic Powerhouse. He may surprise some but he wont surprise me, because I have gotten to know him &amp; fully understand how capable he is. North Korea will become a different kind of Rocket - an Economic one!

My representatives have just left North Korea after a very productive meeting and an agreed upon time and date for the second Summit with Kim Jong Un. It will take place in Hanoi, Vietnam, on February 27 &amp; 28. I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim &amp; advancing the cause of peace!

I was a big fan of Frank Robinson, both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did. He will he missed!

Deepest sympathies to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the entire family of John Dingell. Longest serving Congressman in Countrys history which, if people understand politics, means he was very smart. A great reputation and highly respected man

Working hard, thank you!

It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX, developed long before the election itself, but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest &amp; report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!

The mainstream media has refused to cover the fact that the head of the VERY important Senate Intelligence Committee, after two years of intensive study and access to Intelligence that only they could get, just stated that they have found NO COLLUSION between Trump &amp; Russia

Now we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion, who wrote the fake and discredited Dossier, even though Simpson was testifying before Schiff. John Solomon of @thehill

Not only did Senator Burrs Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia, its important because they interviewed 200 witnesses and 300,000 pages of documents, &amp; the Committee has direct access to intelligence information thats Classified. @GreggJarrett

Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, Chairman of Senate Intelligence, said today that, after an almost two year investigation, he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. We dont have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia.  Thank you!

So nice how well my State of the Union speech was received. Thank you to all!

Each year, America pauses to remember its fallen astronaut heroes and the great accomplishments for which they strived. @FLOTUS Melania and I mourn their passing and take to heart the lessons of their lives and the greater human potential to which they continue to inspire

Today, it was my great honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum launching the Womens Global Development and Prosperity Initiative. #WGDP 
Read more:

2019 National Prayer Breakfast

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! It should never be allowed to happen again!

Democrats at the top are killing the Great State of Virginia. If the three failing pols were Republicans, far stronger action would be taken. Virginia will come back HOME Republican) in 2020!

The Dems and their committees are going nuts. The Republicans never did this to President Obama, there would be no time left to run government. I hear other committee heads will do the same thing. Even stealing people who work at White House! A continuation of Witch Hunt!

So now Congressman Adam Schiff announces, after having found zero Russian Collusion, that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life, both financial and personal, even though there is no reason to be doing so. Never happened before! Unlimited Presidential Harassment

#SOTU

Looking forward to tonight! #SOTU

Melania and I send our greetings to those celebrating the Lunar New Year. Today, people across the United States and around the world mark the beginning of the Lunar New Year with spectacular fireworks displays, joyful festivals, and family gatherings

I see Schumer is already criticizing my State of the Union speech, even though he hasnt seen it yet. Hes just upset that he didnt win the Senate, after spending a fortune, like he thought he would. Too bad we werent given more credit for the Senate win by the media!

Tremendous numbers of people are coming up through Mexico in the hopes of flooding our Southern Border. We have sent additional military. We will build a Human Wall if necessary. If we had a real Wall, this would be a non-event!

I am pleased to announce that David Bernhardt, Acting Secretary of the Interior, will be nominated as Secretary of the Interior. David has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived, and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed!

With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensions - KEEP OUT!

With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensionns - KEEP OUT!

Everyone is asking how Tiger played yesterday. The answer is Great! He was long, straight &amp; putted fantastically well. He shot a 64. Tiger is back &amp; will be winning Majors again! Not surprisingly, Jack also played really well. His putting is amazing! Jack &amp; Tiger like each other

I will be interviewed Sunday morning on @FaceTheNation and prior to the Super Bowl on @CBS at 3:30 P.M. Enjoy!

Ed Gillespie, who ran for Governor of the Great State of Virginia against Ralph Northam, must now be thinking Malpractice and Dereliction of Duty with regard to his Opposition Research Staff. If they find that terrible picture before the election, he wins by 20 points!

Democrat Governor Ralph Northam of Virginia just stated, I believe that I am not either of the people in that photo. This was 24 hours after apologizing for appearing in the picture and after making the most horrible statement on super late term abortion. Unforgivable!

Great morning at Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter, Florida with @JackNicklaus and @TigerWoods!

National African American History Month is an occasion to rediscover the enduring stories of African Americans and the gifts of freedom, purpose, and opportunity they have bestowed on future generations

Thank you to Senator Rob Portman and Senator Cory Gardner for the early and warm endorsement. We will ALL WIN in 2020 together!

Great news on Foxconn in Wisconsin after my conversation with Terry Gou!

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

Best January for the DOW in over 30 years. We have, by far, the strongest economy in the world!

after 18 long years. Syria was loaded with ISIS until I came along. We will soon have destroyed 100% of the Caliphate, but will be watching them closely. It is now time to start coming home and, after many years, spending our money wisely. Certain people must get smart!

I inherited a total mess in Syria and Afghanistan, the Endless Wars of unlimited spending and death. During my campaign I said, very strongly, that these wars must finally end. We spend $50 Billion a year in Afghanistan and have hit them so hard that we are now talking peace

This Witch Hunt must end!

Nellie Ohr, the wife of DOJ official Bruce Ohr, was long ago investigating for pay (GPS Fusion) members of my family, feeding it to her husband who was then giving it to the FBI, even though it was created by ousted &amp; discredited Christopher Steele. Illegal! WITCH HUNT

Just out: The big deal, very mysterious Don jr telephone calls, after the innocent Trump Tower meeting, that the media &amp; Dems said were made to his father (me), were just conclusively found NOT to be made to me. They were made to friends &amp; business associates of Don. Really sad!

Our great U.S. Border Patrol Agents made the biggest Fentanyl bust in our Countrys history. Thanks, as always, for a job well done!

I would suggest you read the COMPLETE testimony from Tuesday. A false narrative is so bad for our Country. I value our intelligence community. Happily, we had a very good meeting, and we are all on the same page!

Just concluded a great meeting with my Intel team in the Oval Office who told me that what they said on Tuesday at the Senate Hearing was mischaracterized by the media - and we are very much in agreement on Iran, ISIS, North Korea, etc. Their testimony was distorted press

Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crisis taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!

Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran. They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country. Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination. Dems put us in a bad place - but now good!

Looking for China to open their Markets not only to Financial Services, which they are now doing, but also to our Manufacturing, Farmers and other U.S. businesses and industries. Without this a deal would be unacceptable!

More troops being sent to the Southern Border to stop the attempted Invasion of Illegals, through large Caravans, into our Country. We have stopped the previous Caravans, and we will stop these also. With a Wall it would be soooo much easier and less expensive. Being Built!

Democrats are becoming the Party of late term abortion, high taxes, Open Borders and Crime!

Republicans on the Homeland Security Committee are wasting their time. Democrats, despite all of the evidence, proof and Caravans coming, are not going to give money to build the DESPERATELY needed WALL. Ive got you covered. Wall is already being built, I dont expect much help!

Chinas representatives and I are trying to do a complete deal, leaving NOTHING unresolved on the table. All of the many problems are being discussed and will be hopefully resolved. Tariffs on China increase to 25% on March 1st, so all working hard to complete by that date!

meeting with their top leaders and representatives today in the Oval Office. No final deal will be made until my friend President Xi, and I, meet in the near future to discuss and agree on some of the long standing and more difficult points. Very comprehensive transaction

Chinas top trade negotiators are in the U.S. meeting with our representatives. Meetings are going well with good intent and spirit on both sides. China does not want an increase in Tariffs and feels they will do much better if they make a deal. They are correct. I will be

With Murders up 33% in Mexico, a record, why wouldnt any sane person want to build a Wall! Construction has started and will not stop until it is finished. @LouDobbs @foxandfriends

Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crises taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!

Lets just call them WALLS from now on and stop playing political games! A WALL is a WALL!

Large sections of WALL have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go. Renovation of existing WALLS is also a very big part of the plan to finally, after many decades, properly Secure Our Border. The Wall is getting done one way or the other!

So great to watch &amp; listen to all these people who write books &amp; talk about my presidential campaign and so many others things related to winning, and how I should be doing IT. As I take it all in, I then sit back, look around, &amp; say gee, Im in the White House, &amp; theyre not!

Spoke today with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong United States support for Venezuelas fight to regain its democracy

Large protests all across Venezuela today against Maduro. The fight for freedom has begun!

Dow just broke 25,000. Tremendous news!

a source of potential danger and conflict. They are testing Rockets (last week) and more, and are coming very close to the edge. There economy is now crashing, which is the only thing holding them back. Be careful of Iran. Perhaps Intelligence should go back to school!

The Intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of Iran. They are wrong! When I became President Iran was making trouble all over the Middle East, and beyond. Since ending the terrible Iran Nuclear Deal, they are MUCH different, but

Three separate caravans marching to our Border. The numbers are tremendous. @foxandfriends

If the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier, they are Wasting their time!

Time will tell what will happen with North Korea, but at the end of the previous administration, relationship was horrendous and very bad things were about to happen. Now a whole different story. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un shortly. Progress being made-big difference!

Fighting continues but the people of Afghanistan want peace in this never ending war. We will soon see if talks will be successful? North Korea relationship is best it has ever been with U.S. No testing, getting remains, hostages returned. Decent chance of Denuclearization

When I became President, ISIS was out of control in Syria &amp; running rampant. Since then tremendous progress made, especially over last 5 weeks. Caliphate will soon be destroyed, unthinkable two years ago. Negotiating are proceeding well in Afghanistan after 18 years of fighting

Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U.S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court. Massive protest expected today. Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice

Our economy, right now, is the Gold Standard throughout the World. @IngrahamAngle  So true, and not even close!

A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction. He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer. He signed a non-disclosure agreement. He is a mess!

How does Da Nang Dick (Blumenthal) serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee when he defrauded the American people about his so called War Hero status in Vietnam, only to later admit, with tears pouring down his face, that he was never in Vietnam. An embarrassment to our Country!

In the beautiful Midwest, windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees, the coldest ever recorded. In coming days, expected to get even colder. People cant last outside even for minutes. What the hell is going on with Global Waming? Please come back fast, we need you!

In the Medias effort to destroy the President, they are actually destroying themselves. Given all of the tremendous headwinds this President has faced, its amazing he has accomplished so much. DEROY MURDOCK @foxandfriends  I agree!

Howard Schultz doesnt have the guts to run for President! Watched him on @60Minutes last night and I agree with him that he is not the smartest person. Besides, America already has that! I only hope that Starbucks is still paying me their rent in Trump Tower!

Numerous states introducing Bible Literacy classes, giving students the option of studying the Bible. Starting to make a turn back? Great!

Tariffs on the dumping of Steel in the United States have totally revived our Steel Industry. New and expanded plants are happening all over the U.S. We have not only saved this important industry, but created many jobs. Also, billions paid to our treasury. A BIG WIN FOR U.S

After all that I have done for the Military, our great Veterans, Judges (99), Justices (2), Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, the Economy, Energy, Trade &amp; MUCH MORE, does anybody really think I wont build the WALL? Done more in first two years than any President! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Never thought Id say this but I think @johnrobertsFox and @GillianHTurner @FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN &amp; NBC! Look to final results! Dont know how my poll numbers are so good, especially up 19% with Hispanics?

Never thought Id say this but I think @johnrobertsFox and @JillianTurner @FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN &amp; NBC! Look to final results! Dont know how my poll numbers are so good, especially up 19% with Hispanics?

BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!

#HolocaustMemorialDay

Thank you to Brit. This is a very big deal in Europe. Fake News is the Enemy of the People!

Jens Stoltenberg, NATO Secretary General, just stated that because of me NATO has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline. Its called burden sharing. Also, more united. Dems &amp; Fake News like to portray the opposite!

We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18,959,495,168. Cost Friday was $603,331,392. There are at least 25,772,342 illegal aliens, not the 11,000,000 that have been reported for years, in our Country. So ridiculous! DHS

58,000 non-citizens voted in Texas, with 95,000 non-citizens registered to vote. These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg. All over the country, especially in California, voter fraud is rampant. Must be stopped. Strong voter ID! @foxandfriends

WITCH HUNT!

about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage (collusion with Crooked H?) that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didnt even work for me anywhere near the Election!

CBS reports that in the Roger Stone indictment, data was released during the 2016 Election to damage Hillary Clinton. Oh really! What about the Fake and Unverified Dossier, a total phony conjob, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary to damage me and the Trump Campaign? What

Ax falls quickly at BuzzFeed and Huffpost! Headline, New York Post. Fake News and bad journalism have caused a big downturn. Sadly, many others will follow. The people want the Truth!

Only fools, or people with a political agenda, dont want a Wall or Steel Barrier to protect our Country from Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking. It will happen - it always does!

BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!

We absolutely need a physical barrier or Wall, whatever you want to call it. The President yesterday laid all that out. We need to do it all, including the Wall. I provided the same information to the previous administration, &amp; it was ignored. Mark Morgan, Border Chief for O!

Thank you to the Republican National Committee, (the RNC), who voted UNANIMOUSLY yesterday to support me in the upcoming 2020 Election. Considering that we have done more than any Administration in the first two years, this should be easy. More great things now in the works!

We have turned away, at great expense, two major Caravans, but a big one has now formed and is coming. At least 8000 people! If we had a powerful Wall, they wouldnt even try to make the long and dangerous journey. Build the Wall and Crime will Fall!

21 days goes very quickly. Negotiations with Democrats will start immediately. Will not be easy to make a deal, both parties very dug in. The case for National Security has been greatly enhanced by what has been happening at the Border &amp; through dialogue. We will build the Wall!

I like the fact that the President is making the case (Border Security &amp; Crime) to the American people. Now we know where Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer &amp; the Democrats stand, which is no Border Security. Will be big 2020 issue. Matt Schlapp, Chair, ACU. Bigger than anyone knows!

If Roger Stone was indicted for lying to Congress, what about the lying done by Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Lisa Page &amp; lover, Baker and soooo many others? What about Hillary to FBI and her 33,000 deleted Emails? What about Lisa &amp; Peters deleted texts &amp; Wieners laptop? Much more!

I wish people would read or listen to my words on the Border Wall. This was in no way a concession. It was taking care of millions of people who were getting badly hurt by the Shutdown with the understanding that in 21 days, if no deal is done, its off to the races!

Greatest Witch Hunt in the History of our Country! NO COLLUSION! Border Coyotes, Drug Dealers and Human Traffickers are treated better. Who alerted CNN to be there?

A third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on Fake News CNN. Michael DAntonio, a broken down hack who knows nothing about me, goes on night after night telling made up Trump stories. Disgraceful!

Great earnings coming out of Stock Market. Too bad Media doesnt devote much time to this!

Nancy just said she just doesnt understand why? Very simply, without a Wall it all doesnt work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime, Human Trafficking, Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!

Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U.S.A. BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL!

back home where they belong, no more Rockets or Ms being fired over Japan or anywhere else and, most importantly, no Nuclear Testing. This is more than has ever been accomplished with North Korea, and the Fake News knows it. I expect another good meeting soon, much potential!

The Fake News Media loves saying so little happened at my first summit with Kim Jong Un. Wrong! After 40 years of doing nothing with North Korea but being taken to the cleaners, &amp; with a major war ready to start, in a short 15 months, relationships built, hostages &amp; remains

So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen, who sadly will not be testifying before Congress, is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee, how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI &amp; wasnt sworn in, no tape, nothing?

The economy is doing great. More people working in U.S.A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers! @foxandfriends

This is everything FDR dreamed about, the New Deal to put America back to work. Think of LBJ, he gave people food stamps &amp; welfare. Donald Trumps giving them a job. Hes got a lot of good things to talk about. News stories do not accurately cover him, should correct. @DougWead

A great new book just out, Game of Thorns, by Doug Wead, Presidential Historian and best selling author. The book covers the campaign of 2016, and what could be more exciting than that?

alternative venue for the SOTU Address because there is no venue that can compete with the history, tradition and importance of the House Chamber. I look forward to giving a great State of the Union Address in the near future!

As the Shutdown was going on, Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then changed her mind because of the Shutdown, suggesting a later date. This is her prerogative - I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over. I am not looking for an

The Historic Results of President Donald J. Trumps First Two Years in Office

Even Trump Haters like (MS)NBC acknowledge you BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!

The citizens of Venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate Maduro regime. Today, I have officially recognized the President of the Venezuelan National Assembly, Juan Guaido, as the Interim President of Venezuela

BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!

BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme, for two years until the Wall is finished (under construction now), of the Republican Party. Use it and pray!

Great unity in the Republican Party. Want to, once and for all, put an end to stoppable crime and drugs! Border Security and Wall. No doubt!

Deroy Murdock, National Review: We are now exporting oil, which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas. This is not good if youre Vladimir Putin where your chief export is oil. W.H. Agent - Not good for Kremlin. @TuckerCarlson

Congratulations to Mariano Rivera on unanimously being elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame! Not only a great player but a great person. I am thankful for Marianos support of the Opioid Drug Abuse Commission and @FitnessGov. #EnterSandman #HOF2019

big Crooked Hillary law firm, represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann (do you believe this?) who worked Baker hard &amp; gave him Oppo Research for a Russia probe. This meeting, now exposed, is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax. @FoxNews

Former FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there  were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump Dossier paid for by the DNC &amp; Clinton Campaign, &amp; funded through a

The reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the podium much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely &amp; inaccurately, in particular certain members of the press. I told her not to bother, the word gets out anyway! Most will never cover us fairly &amp; hence, the term, Fake News!

The United States has a great economic story to tell. Number one in the World, by far!

Last time I went to Davos, the Fake News said I should not go there. This year, because of the Shutdown, I decided not to go, and the Fake News said I should be there. The fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them!

Never seen @senatemajldr and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis &amp; Security on our Southern Border. If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country, Crime will go down by record numbers!

Marist/NPR/PBS Poll shows President Trumps approval rating among Latinos going to 50%, an increase in one year of 19%. Thank you, working hard!

FBI top lawyer confirms unusual steps. They relied on the Clinton Campaigns Fake &amp; Unverified Dossier, which is illegal. That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS, and thats what they did to the President. Judge Napolitano

Without a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security. With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier, Crime Rates (and Drugs) will go substantially down all over the U.S. The Dems know this but want to play political games. Must finally be done correctly. No Cave!

The Democrats are playing politics with Border Security.  @foxandfriends

Nick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be. They have captivated the attention of the world, and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. It started off unpleasant, but can end in a dream!

Looking like Nick Sandman &amp; Covington Catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to be false - smeared by media. Not good, but making big comeback! New footage shows that media was wrong about teens encounter with Native American @TuckerCarlson

Democrats are kidding themselves (they dont really believe it!) if they say you can stop Crime, Drugs, Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!

Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!

If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are immoral, why isnt she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico, even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked strangers just flow into the U.S

China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U.S. trade tensions and new policies. Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal, and stop playing around!

Today, it was my great honor to visit the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial with @VP Mike Pence, in honor of #MLKDay

Democrats campaigned on working within Washington and getting things done! How is that working out? #2020TAKEBACKTHEHOUSE

Today we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear, that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth, we are all created equal by God. #MLKDay

Last year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997, or 21 years. The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U.S., you would need a magic wand. I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!

No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump! Thank you Bill Bennett @SteveHiltonx

Curt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record, especially when under pressure and when it mattered most. Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right! @marklevinshow

Congratulations to Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick, Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!

To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say, THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS! We must now work together, after decades of abuse, to finally fix the Humanitarian, Criminal &amp; Drug Crisis at our Border. WE WILL WIN BIG!

A truly great First Lady who doesnt get the credit she deserves!

Thanks James!

Will do a fantastic job!

The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!

Thank you David!

Dont forget, we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly, and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building, after all, is what I do best, even when money is not readily available!

Wow, just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19%, to 50%. That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone, and they want Security, which can only be gotten with a Wall

Nancy, I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech, there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer (made during the Shutdown, security is no problem), and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract, Ill get back to you soon!

Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally &amp; has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the lefties in her party that she has lost control...And by the way, clean up the streets in San Francisco, they are disgusting!

No, Amnesty is not a part of my offer. It is a 3 year extension of DACA. Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal, whether on immigration or something else. Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11,000,000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy!

Nancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak. They dont see crime &amp; drugs, they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win. Best economy! They should do the right thing for the Country &amp; allow people to go back to work

Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldnt be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!

Always heard that as President, its all about the economy! Well, we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP, lowest unemployment, companies coming back to the U.S. in BIG numbers, great new trade deals happening, &amp; more. But LITTLE media mention!

I will be live from the White House at 4:00 P.M

Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but cant get through our Wall, but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!

Many people are saying that the Mainstream Media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me over the past 3 years (including the election lead-up), as highlighted by the disgraceful Buzzfeed story &amp; the even more disgraceful coverage!

The Economy is one of the best in our history, with unemployment at a 50 year low, and the Stock Market ready to again break a record (set by us many times) - &amp; all you heard yesterday, based on a phony story, was Impeachment. You want to see a Stock Market Crash, Impeach Trump!

@newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President, me! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office!

Will be leaving for Dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our Country!

Fake News is truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!

Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research), on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism, but a great day for our Country!

Just a son who loves his Dad. Nice!

I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border, and the Shutdown, tomorrow afternoon at 3 P.M., live from the @WhiteHouse

AMERICA FIRST!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Never seen the Republican Party so unified. No Cave on the issue of Border and National Security. A beautiful thing to see, especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border, High Taxes and Crime. Stop Criminals &amp; Drugs now!

Kevin Corke, @FoxNews Dont forget, Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud, and as recently as this week, the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars....  Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!

Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!

Its the Democrats keeping everything closed. @JimInhofe  So true!

Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800,000 great people are not getting paid. Also, could somebody please explain to Nancy &amp; her big donors in wine country that people working on farms (grapes) will have easy access in!

Border rancher: Weve found prayer rugs out here. Its unreal.  Washington Examiner   People coming across the Southern Border from many countries, some of which would be a big surprise

Gregg Jarrett: Muellers prosecutors knew the Dossier was the product of bias and deception. It was a Fake, just like so much news coverage in our Country. Nothing but a Witch Hunt, from beginning to end!

In 2018 alone, 20,000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the Border, and there was a 122% increase in fentanyl being smuggled between ports of entry. Last month alone, more than 20,000 minors were smuggled into the U.S. @seanhannity

Thank you to Amy Kremer, Women for Trump Co-Founder, for doing such a great interview with Martha MacCallum...and by the way, women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades - at the highest pay ever. Proud of that!

So funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!

The Left has become totally unhinged. They no longer care what is Right for our Countrty!

It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a Party of open borders and crime. They want nothing to do with the major Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border. #2020!

There are now 77 major or significant Walls built around the world, with 45 countries planning or building Walls. Over 800 miles of Walls have been built in Europe since only 2015. They have all been recognized as close to 100% successful. Stop the crime at our Southern Border!

Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid), over 1000 hamburgers etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!

Congratulations @ClemsonFB!

Why is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?

Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid), over 1000 hamberders etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!

Polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the Humanitarian Crisis and Crime at the Border. Numbers are going up fast, over 50%. Democrats will soon be known as the Party of Crime. Ridiculous that they dont want Border Security!

A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them. Only a Wall will work. Only a Wall, or Steel Barrier, will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!

Volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in Chattanooga, Tennessee. They will be making Electric Cars. Congratulations to Chattanooga and Tennessee on a job well done. A big win!

Just announced that Veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low, really good news for our Vets and their families. Will soon be an all time low! Do you think the media will report on this and all of the other great economic news?

The rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin James Comey and the so-called leaders of the FBI. Twelve have been fired or forced to leave. They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation. Bad!

I am doing exactly what I pledged to do, and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just as I promised, I am fighting for YOU!

For decades, politicians promised to secure the border, fix our trade deals, bring back our factories, get tough on China, move the Embassy to Jerusalem, make NATO pay their fair share, and so much else - only to do NOTHING (or worse)

Spoke w/ President Erdogan of Turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of success in fighting the remnants of ISIS, and 20 mile safe zone. Also spoke about economic development between the U.S. &amp; Turkey - great potential to substantially expand!

Getting ready to go on stage at the #AFBF100 in New Orleans - packed house! I will try and match the great game played yesterday by the New Orleans Saints and their incredible QB, Drew Brees. People here are very excited by the team. Going on stage now!

The Fake News gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. Amazing to watch as certain people covering me, and the tremendous success of this administration, have truly gone MAD! Their Fake reporting creates anger and disunity. Take two weeks off and come back rested. Chill!

Dems in Puerto Rico as Shutdown hits day 24. @foxandfriends

Getting ready to address the Farm Convention today in Nashville, Tennessee. Love our farmers, love Tennessee - a great combination! See you in a little while

Nancy and Cryin Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes. At this point it has become their, and the Democrats, fault!

Ive been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!

Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now  producing a great deal more oil than ever before. @foxandfriends  But this is bad news for Russia, why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?

Border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the United States, as we have known it, is going to cease to exist...And Americans will not go gentle into that good night. Patrick Buchanan.  The great people of our Country demand proper Border Security NOW!

The Trump portrait of an unsustainable Border Crisis is dead on. In the last two years, ICE officers made 266,000 arrests of aliens with Criminal Records, including those charged or convicted of 100,000 assaults, 30,000 sex crimes &amp; 4000 violent killings. Americas Southern

Best line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is, to her husband, Thank you for being here. Im glad youre here Its their house, hes supposed to be there!

If Elizabeth Warren, often referred to by me as Pocahontas, did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen, with her husband dressed in full Indian garb, it would have been a smash!

If Elizabeth Warren, often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen, with her husband dressed in full Indian garb, it would have been a smash!

So sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting, I understand, is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper, the Amazon Washington Post. Hopefully the paper will soon be placed in better &amp; more responsible hands!

Likewise, do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia, Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U.S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!

Starting the long overdue pullout from Syria while hitting the little remaining ISIS territorial caliphate hard, and from many directions. Will attack again from existing nearby base if it reforms. Will devastate Turkey economically if they hit Kurds. Create 20 mile safe zone

Wish I could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the White House and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and Rose Garden. Really is something - SPECIAL COUNTRY, SPECIAL PLACE!

Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons. Most came through our Southern Border. We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall. Walls Work! John Jones, Texas Department of Public Safety.  @FoxNews

The damage done to our Country from a badly broken Border - Drugs, Crime and so much that is bad - is far greater than a Shutdown, which the Dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to Washington!

Im in the White House, waiting. The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay. They are having fun and not even talking!

The building of the Wall on the Southern Border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire Country!

Democrats are saying that DACA is not worth it and dont want to include in talks. Many Hispanics will be coming over to the Republican side, watch!

I will be interviewed by Jeanine Pirro at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Watch @JesseBWatters before and @greggutfeld after. All terrific people. I am in the White House waiting for Cryin Chuck and Nancy to call so we can start helping our Country both at the Border and from within!

We have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their vacations and get back to work. I am in the White House ready to sign!

I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election, and I promised safety and security for the American people. Part of that promise was a Wall at the Southern Border. Elections have consequences!

I just watched a Fake reporter from the Amazon Washington Post say the White House is chaotic, there does not seem to be a strategy for this Shutdown. There is no plan. The Fakes always like talking Chaos, there is NONE. In fact, theres almost nobody in the W.H. but me, and

Democrats could solve the Shutdown in 15 minutes! Call your Dem Senator or Congresswoman/man. Tell them to get it done! Humanitarian Crisis

23% of Federal inmates are illegal immigrants. Border arrests are up 240%. In the Great State of Texas, between 2011 &amp; 2018, there were a total of 292,000 crimes by illegal aliens, 539 murders, 32,000 assaults, 3,426 sexual assaults and 3000 weapons charges. Democrats come back!

Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown, while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border. I am in the White House waiting for you!

Lyin James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Peter S and his lover, agent Lisa Page, &amp; more, all disgraced and/or fired and caught in the act. These are just some of the losers that tried to do a number on your President. Part of the Witch Hunt. Remember the insurance policy? This is it!

I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama, Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time, &amp; as I have often said, getting along with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!

who is being totally protected by his best friend, Bob Mueller, &amp; the 13 Angry Democrats - leaking machines who have NO interest in going after the Real Collusion (and much more) by Crooked Hillary Clinton, her Campaign, and the Democratic National Committee. Just Watch!

the FBI was in complete turmoil (see N.Y. Post) because of Comeys poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess (not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Department). My firing of James Comey was a great day for America. He was a Crooked Cop

Funny thing about James Comey. Everybody wanted him fired, Republican and Democrat alike. After the rigged &amp; botched Crooked Hillary investigation, where she was interviewed on July 4th Weekend, not recorded or sworn in, and where she said she didnt know anything (a lie),

Wow, just learned in the Failing New York Times that the corrupt former leaders of the FBI, almost all fired or forced to leave the agency for some very bad reasons, opened up an investigation on me, for no reason &amp; with no proof, after I fired Lyin James Comey, a total sleaze!

@CNN called a San Diego news station (@KUSINews) for negative reports on the Wall. When the station said that Walls work, CNN no longer had interest. #FakeNews

Drug prices declined in 2018, the first time in nearly half a century. During the first 19 months of my Administration, Americans saved $26 Billion on prescription drugs. Our policies to get cheaper generic drugs to market are working!

I look forward to hosting, right out of the great State of South Carolina, the 2019 NCAA Football Champion Clemson Tigers at the White House on Monday, January 14th. What a game, what a coach, what a team!

The Fake News Media keeps saying we havent built any NEW WALL. Below is a section just completed on the Border. Anti-climbing feature included. Very high, strong and beautiful! Also, many miles already renovated and in service!

The Steel Barrier, or Wall, should have been built by previous administrations long ago. They never got it done - I will. Without it, our Country cannot be safe. Criminals, Gangs, Human Traffickers, Drugs &amp; so much other big trouble can easily pour in. It can be stopped cold!

Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. I just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand, an invasion! I have been there numerous times - The Democrats, Cryin Chuck and Nancy dont know how bad and dangerous it is for our ENTIRE COUNTRY

H1-B holders in the United States can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and certainty to your stay, including a potential path to citizenship. We want to encourage talented and highly skilled people to pursue career options in the U.S

I often said during rallies, with little variation, that Mexico will pay for the Wall. We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico. It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces. The difference pays for Wall many times over!

When I took the Oath of Office

We lose 300 Americans a week, 90% of which comes through the Southern Border. These numbers will be DRASTICALLY REDUCED if we have a Wall!

Will be interviewed at the Border by @seanhannity on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00. Enjoy!

Dear Diary

From the Southern Border

Because of the Democrats intransigence on Border Security and the great importance of Safety for our Nation, I am respectfully cancelling my very important trip to Davos, Switzerland for the World Economic Forum. My warmest regards and apologies to the @WEF!

President Obama, thank you for your great support  I have been saying this all along!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Texas! #MAGA

Great support for Border Security and the Wall. @foxandfriends  Even greater than anyone would know! Presidents supporters do not want him to cave. @SteveDoocy I wont!

There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate, despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. The Opposition Party &amp; the Dems know we must have Strong Border Security, but dont want to give Trump another one of many wins!

Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I slammed the table &amp; walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum. Because I knew he would say that, and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security, I politely said bye-bye and left, no slamming!

Gave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon, somewhat of a White House tradition or custom, to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting. Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media, which has gone totally bonkers!

The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now. NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy. They report stories, purposely, the exact opposite of the facts. They are truly the Opposition Party working with the Dems. May even be worse than Fake News CNN, if that is possible!

Just left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy, a total waste of time. I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quickly open things up, are you going to approve Border Security which includes a Wall or Steel Barrier? Nancy said, NO. I said bye-bye, nothing else works!

Thank you to all of Americas brave police, deputies, sheriffs, and federal law enforcement on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! We love you and will always support you

Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forest fires that, with proper Forest Management, would never happen. Unless they get their act together, which is unlikely, I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp; money!

Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forrest fires that, with proper Forrest Management, would never happen. Unless they get their act together, which is unlikely, I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp; money!

Our Country is doing so well in so many ways. Great jobs numbers, with a record setting December. We are rebuilding our military. Vets finally have Choice &amp; Accountability. Economy &amp; GDP are strong. Tax &amp; Reg cuts historic. Trade deals great. But we MUST fix our Southern Border!

Thank you for soooo many nice comments regarding my Oval Office speech. A very interesting experience!

Congratulations to a truly great football team, the Clemson Tigers, on an incredible win last night against a powerful Alabama team. A big win also for the Great State of South Carolina. Look forward to seeing the team, and their brilliant coach, for the second time at the W.H

Talks with China are going very well!

The President is the biggest and best supporter of the Steel Industry in many years. We are now doing really well. The Tariffs let us compete. Was unfair that the Steel Industry lost its jobs to unfair trade laws. Very positive outcome. Mark Glyptis, United Steelworkers

Economic numbers looking REALLY good. Can you imagine if I had long term ZERO interest rates to play with like the past administration, rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today. That would have been SO EASY! Still, markets up BIG since 2016 Election!

Endless Wars, especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago, &amp; those where we are getting little financial or military help from the rich countries that so greatly benefit from what we are doing, will eventually come to a glorious end!

I am pleased to inform you that I will Address the Nation on the Humanitarian and National Security crisis on our Southern Border. Tuesday night at 9:00 P.M. Eastern

The Failing New York Times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on Syria. No different from my original statements, we will be leaving at a proper pace while at the same time continuing to fight ISIS and doing all else that is prudent and necessary!

Congressman Adam Smith, the new Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, just stated, Yes, there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency. Its been done a number of times. No doubt, but lets get our deal done in Congress!

The Fake News Media in our Country is the real Opposition Party. It is truly the Enemy of the People! We must bring honesty back to journalism and reporting!

The Fake News will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the Trump Administration, and me, look as bad as possible. They use non-existent sources &amp; write stories that are total fiction. Our Country is doing so well, yet this is a sad day in America!

With all of the success that our Country is having, including the just released jobs numbers which are off the charts, the Fake News &amp; totally dishonest Media concerning me and my presidency has never been worse. Many have become crazed lunatics who have given up on the TRUTH!

V.P. Mike Pence and group had a productive meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives today. Many details of Border Security were discussed. We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete. It is both stronger &amp; less obtrusive. Good solution, and made in the U.S.A

Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole. We have just killed the leader of that attack, Jamal al-Badawi. Our work against al Qaeda continues. We will never stop in our fight against Radical Islamic Terrorism!

Excited to see our friends in Egypt opening the biggest Cathedral in the Middle East. President El-Sisi is moving his country to a more inclusive future!

The only reason they do not want to build a Wall is that Walls Work! 99% of our illegal Border crossings will end, crime in our Country will go way down and we will save billions of dollars a year! A properly planned and constructed Wall will pay for itself many times a year!

We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented, unchecked... Barrack Obama, 2005. I voted, when I was a Senator, to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in... Hillary Clinton, 2015

Will be going to Camp David tomorrow morning for meetings on Border Security and many other topics with @WhiteHouse senior staff

AP-NORC POLL: Immigration among the top concerns in 2019. People want to stop drugs and criminals at the Border. Want Border Security! Tell the Dems to do the inevitable now, rather than later. The wait is costly and dangerous!

The number of employed Americans has now set a 14th record under President Trump. Over the year, average hourly earnings have increased by 84 cents, or 3.2%. Participation Rate hits Trump-Era High. CNS NEWS.  And we will do even better with new trade deals and all else!

Jobs up big, plus 312,000. Record number working. Manufacturing best in 20 years (Previous administration said this could not happen). Hispanic unemployment lowest ever. Dow plus 747 (for day). @DRUDGE_REPORT

V.P. Mike Pence and team just left the White House. Briefed me on their meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives. Not much headway made today. Second meeting set for tomorrow. After so many decades, must finally and permanently fix the problems on the Southern Border!

Drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing. Not being fair to the consumer, or to our Country!

Former @NYTimes editor Jill Abramson rips papers unmistakably anti-Trump bias.

Ms. Abramson is 100% correct. Horrible and totally dishonest reporting on almost everything they write. Hence the term Fake News, Enemy of the People, and Opposition Party!

Great Tweet today by Tyler Q. Houlton @SpoxDHS on the #FakeNews being put out by @CNN, a proud member of the Opposition Party. @TSA is doing a great job!

The Democrats want Billions of Dollars for Foreign Aid, but they dont want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our Border. Figure that one out!

We are working hard at the Border, but we need a WALL!  In 2018, 1.7 million pounds of narcotics seized, 17,000 adults arrested with criminal records, and 6000 gang members, including MS-13, apprehended. A big Human Trafficking problem

I dont care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats, I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security! I am in the White House ready to go, where are the Dems?

Many people currently a part of my opposition, including President Obama &amp; the Dems, have had campaign violations, in some cases for very large sums of money. These are civil cases. They paid a fine &amp; settled. While no big deal, I did not commit a campaign violation!

The Democrats could solve the Shutdown problem in a very short period of time. All they have to do is approve REAL Border Security (including a Wall), something which everyone, other than drug dealers, human traffickers and criminals, want very badly! This would be so easy to do!

Great support coming from all sides for Border Security (including Wall) on our very dangerous Southern Border. Teams negotiating this weekend! Washington Post and NBC reporting of events, including Fake sources, has been very inaccurate (to put it mildly)!

Thank you to Kanye West for your nice words. Criminal Justice Reform is now law - passed in a very bipartisan way!

Great new book by Dr. Robert Jeffress, Choosing the Extraordinary Life. Get it and enjoy!  @LouDobbs

The story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS. Im sure he is a fine man, but I dont know Jim, and never met him. Patrick Shanahan, who is Acting Secretary of Defense, is doing a great job!

Job growth surges by 312,000 in December

GREAT JOBS NUMBERS JUST ANNOUNCED!

How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong (no Collusion with Russia, it was the Dems that Colluded), had the most successful first two years of any president, and is the most popular Republican in party history 93%?

As I have stated many times, if the Democrats take over the House or Senate, there will be disruption to the Financial Markets. We won the Senate, they won the House. Things will settle down. They only want to impeach me because they know they cant win in 2020, too much success!

President Trump deserves a lot of credit, but again, you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit

Michael Pillsbury interviewed by @cvpayne: They have the motive of making the President look bad  instead of President Trump being portrayed as a HERO. The first President to take China on, its 20 years overdue

The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the @GOP has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year! #MAGA

The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!

The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they cant win based on all of the achievements of Trump, so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them, strictly politics!

MAGA list: 205 historic results help Trump make case for 2020 re-election

Sadly, there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!

I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders, supports the agents and officers on the ground, and keeps America Safe. Lets get it done!

Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people  this is the first and most important duty of government

Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!

Here we go with Mitt Romney, but so fast! Question will be, is he a Flake?  I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big, and he didnt. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player &amp; WIN!

For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country, but cant because Dems are blocking them, some for two years-historic record. Passed committees, but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!

Do you think its just luck that gas prices are so low, and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!

Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons, or give them to others - &amp; he is ready to meet President Trump anytime. PBS News Hour. I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential!

Washington Examiner - MAGA list: 205 historic results help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.  True!

Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!

Border Security and the Wall thing and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Lets make a deal?

Congratulations to President 
@JairBolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech - the U.S.A. is with you!

One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!

General McChrystal got fired like a dog by Obama. Last assignment a total bust. Known for big, dumb mouth. Hillary lover!

The Democrats, much as I suspected, have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is, without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!

Happy New Year!

HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE, INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE, GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY!

Dr. Sebastian Gorka, a very good and talented guy, has a great new book just out, Why We Fight. Lots of insight - Enjoy!

Remember this. Throughout the ages some things NEVER get better and NEVER change. You have Walls and you have Wheels. It was ALWAYS that way and it will ALWAYS be that way! Please explain to the Democrats that there can NEVER be a replacement for a good old fashioned WALL!

The Democrats will probably submit a Bill, being cute as always, which gives everything away but gives NOTHING to Border Security, namely the Wall. You see, without the Wall there can be no Border Security - the Tech stuff is just, by comparison, meaningless bells &amp; whistles

MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal, the USMCA, that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal, which has so badly hurt our Country. Mexico &amp; Canada will also thrive - good for all!

HAPPY NEW YEAR!

Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassadors!? Likewise in Government lawyers and others are being delayed at a record pace! 360 great and hardworking people are waiting for approval from

Senator Schumer, more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been approved by committees and all others, yet Schumer continues to hold them back from serving their Country! Very Unfair!

Its incredible how Democrats can all use their ridiculous sound bite and say that a Wall doesnt work. It does, and properly built, almost 100%! They say its old technology - but so is the wheel. They now say it is immoral- but it is far more immoral for people to be dying!

Im in the Oval Office. Democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security, including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 2013. One more yes, but with me in office, Ill get it built, and Fast!

Im in the Oval Office. Democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security, including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 3013. One more yes, but with me in office, Ill get it built, and Fast!

I am the only person in America who could say that, Im bringing our great troops back home, with victory, and get BAD press. It is Fake News and Pundits who have FAILED for years that are doing the complaining. If I stayed in Endless Wars forever, they would still be unhappy!

I campaigned on Border Security, which you cannot have without a strong and powerful Wall. Our Southern Border has long been an Open Wound, where drugs, criminals (including human traffickers) and illegals would pour into our Country. Dems should get back here an fix now!

Except the results are FAR BETTER than I ever said they were going to be! I campaigned against the NEVER ENDING WARS, remember!

I campaigned on getting out of Syria and other places. Now when I start getting out the Fake News Media, or some failed Generals who were unable to do the job before I arrived, like to complain about me &amp; my tactics, which are working. Just doing what I said I was going to do!

If anybody but Donald Trump did what I did in Syria, which was an ISIS loaded mess when I became President, they would be a national hero. ISIS is mostly gone, were slowly sending our troops back home to be with their families, while at the same time fighting ISIS remnants

An all concrete Wall was NEVER ABANDONED, as has been reported by the media. Some areas will be all concrete but the experts at Border Patrol prefer a Wall that is see through (thereby making it possible to see what is happening on both sides). Makes sense to me!

President and Mrs. Obama built/has a ten foot Wall around their D.C. mansion/compound. I agree, totally necessary for their safety and security. The U.S. needs the same thing, slightly larger version!

Great work by my Administration over the holidays to save Coast Guard pay during this #SchumerShutdown. No thanks to the Democrats who left town and are not concerned about the safety and security of Americans!

Veterans on President Trumps handling of Border Security - 62% Approval Rating. On being a strong leader - 59%.  AP Poll. Thank you!

It turns out to be true now, that the Department of Justice and the FBI, under President Obama, rigged the investigation for Hillary and really turned the screws on Trump, and now it looks like in a corrupt &amp; illegal way. The facts are out now. Whole Hoax exposed. @JesseBWatters

Absolutely nothing (on Russian Collusion). Kimberley Strassel, The Wall Street Journal. The Russian Collusion fabrication is the greatest Hoax in the history of American politics. The only Russian Collusion was with Hillary and the Democrats!

2018 is being called THE YEAR OF THE WORKER by Steve Moore, co-author of Trumponomics. It was indeed a great year for the American Worker with the best job market in 50 years, and the lowest unemployment rate ever for blacks and Hispanics and all workers. Big wage gains

For those that naively ask why didnt the Republicans get approval to build the Wall over the last year, it is because IN THE SENATE WE NEED 10 DEMOCRAT VOTES, and they will gives us NONE for Border Security! Now we have to do it the hard way, with a Shutdown. Too bad! @FoxNews

children in question were very sick before they were given over to Border Patrol. The father of the young girl said it was not their fault, he hadnt given her water in days. Border Patrol needs the Wall and it will all end. They are working so hard &amp; getting so little credit!

Any deaths of children or others at the Border are strictly the fault of the Democrats and their pathetic immigration policies that allow people to make the long trek thinking they can enter our country illegally. They cant. If we had a Wall, they wouldnt even try! The two

Just had a long and very good call with President Xi of China. Deal is moving along very well. If made, it will be very comprehensive, covering all subjects, areas and points of dispute. Big progress being made!

I am in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come on over and make a deal on Border Security. From what I hear, they are spending so much time on Presidential Harassment that they have little time left for things like stopping crime and our military!

The Mueller Angry Democrats recently deleted approximately 19,000 Text messages between FBI Agent Lisa Page and her lover, Agent Peter S. These Texts were asked for and INVALUABLE to the truth of the Witch Hunt Hoax. This is a total Obstruction of Justice. All Texts Demanded!

Thank you to Sean Parnell for the nice comments on @foxandfriends about the troops wonderful reaction to Melania and I in Iraq and Germany. Great things are happening!

Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador are doing nothing for the United States but taking our money. Word is that a new Caravan is forming in Honduras and they are doing nothing about it. We will be cutting off all aid to these 3 countries - taking advantage of U.S. for years!

close the Southern Border. Bring our car industry back into the United States where it belongs. Go back to pre-NAFTA, before so many of our companies and jobs were so foolishly sent to Mexico. Either we build (finish) the Wall or we close the Border

The United States looses soooo much money on Trade with Mexico under NAFTA, over 75 Billion Dollars a year (not including Drug Money which would be many times that amount), that I would consider closing the Southern Border a profit making operation. We build a Wall or

We will be forced to close the Southern Border entirely if the Obstructionist Democrats do not give us the money to finish the Wall &amp; also change the ridiculous immigration laws that our Country is saddled with. Hard to believe there was a Congress &amp; President who would approve!

CNN &amp; others within the Fake News Universe were going wild about my signing MAGA hats for our military in Iraq and Germany. If these brave young people ask me to sign their hat, I will sign. Can you imagine my saying NO? We brought or gave NO hats as the Fake News first reported!

This isnt about the Wall, everybody knows that a Wall will work perfectly (In Israel the Wall works 99.9%). This is only about the Dems not letting Donald Trump &amp; the Republicans have a win. They may have the 10 Senate votes, but we have the issue, Border Security. 2020!

Brad Blakeman: The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The President says look, this is your neighborhood, youve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Dont always look to America

Brad Blakeman: The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The Pesident says look, this is your neighborhood, youve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Dont always look to America

I totally agree!

There is right now a full scale manhunt going on in California for an illegal immigrant accused of shooting and killing a police officer during a traffic stop. Time to get tough on Border Security. Build the Wall!

Border Patrol Agents want the Wall. Democrats say they dont want the Wall (even though they know it is really needed), and they dont want ICE. They dont have much to campaign on, do they? An Open Southern Border and the large scale crime that comes with such stupidity!

The reason the DACA for Wall deal didnt get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain, thereby setting up a Supreme Court case. After ruling, Dems dropped deal - and thats where we are today, Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall

The Democrats OBSTRUCTION of the desperately needed Wall, where they almost all recently agreed it should be built, is exceeded only by their OBSTRUCTION of 350 great people wanting &amp; expecting to come into Government after being delayed for more than two years, a U.S. record!

The reason the DACA for Wall deal didnt get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain, thereby setting up a Supteme Court case. After ruling, Dems dropped deal - and thats where we are today, Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall

Have the Democrats finally realized that we desperately need Border Security and a Wall on the Southern Border. Need to stop Drugs, Human Trafficking,Gang Members &amp; Criminals from coming into our Country. Do the Dems realize that most of the people not getting paid are Democrats?

Just returned from visiting our troops in Iraq and Germany. One thing is certain, we have incredible people representing our Country - people that know how to win!

@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to visit our incredible troops at Al Asad Air Base in Iraq. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!

I hope everyone, even the Fake News Media, is having a great Christmas! Our Country is doing very well. We are securing our Borders, making great new Trade Deals, and bringing our Troops Back Home. We are finally putting America First. MERRY CHRISTMAS!  #MAGA

Merry Christmas!

I am in the Oval Office &amp; just gave out a 115 mile long contract for another large section of the Wall in Texas. We are already building and renovating many miles of Wall, some complete. Democrats must end Shutdown and finish funding. Billions of Dollars, &amp; lives, will be saved!

Christmas Eve briefing with my team working on North Korea  Progress being made. Looking forward to my next summit with Chairman Kim!

I am all alone (poor me) in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come back and make a deal on desperately needed Border Security. At some point the Democrats not wanting to make a deal will cost our Country more money than the Border Wall we are all talking about. Crazy!

Saudi Arabia has now agreed to spend the necessary money needed to help rebuild Syria, instead of the United States. See? Isnt it nice when immensely wealthy countries help rebuild their neighbors rather than a Great Country, the U.S., that is 5000 miles away. Thanks to Saudi A!

The Wall is different than the 25 Billion Dollars in Border Security. The complete Wall will be built with the Shutdown money plus funds already in hand. The reporting has been inaccurate on the point. The problem is, without the Wall, much of the rest of Dollars are wasted!

I never lashed out at the Acting Attorney General of the U.S., a man for whom I have great respect. This is a made up story, one of many, by the Fake News Media!

The only problem our economy has is the Fed. They dont have a feel for the Market, they dont understand necessary Trade Wars or Strong Dollars or even Democrat Shutdowns over Borders. The Fed is like a powerful golfer who cant score because he has no touch - he cant putt!

AMERICA IS RESPECTED AGAIN!

For all of the sympathizers out there of Brett McGurk remember, he was the Obama appointee who was responsible for loading up airplanes with 1.8 Billion Dollars in CASH &amp;  sending it to Iran as part of the horrific Iran Nuclear Deal (now terminated) approved by Little Bob Corker

We are substantially subsidizing the Militaries of many VERY rich countries all over the world, while at the same time these countries take total advantage of the U.S., and our TAXPAYERS, on Trade. General Mattis did not see this as a problem. I DO, and it is being fixed!

To those few Senators who think I dont like or appreciate being allied with other countries, they are wrong, I DO. What I dont like, however, is when many of these same countries take advantage of their friendship with the United States, both in Military Protection and Trade

Virtually every Democrat we are dealing with today strongly supported a Border Wall or Fence. It was only when I made it an important part of my campaign, because people and drugs were pouring into our Country unchecked, that they turned against it. Desperately needed!

President @RT_Erdogan of Turkey has very strongly informed me that he will eradicate whatever is left of ISIS in Syria....and he is a man who can do it plus, Turkey is right next door. Our troops are coming home!

The President has been remarkable. I do not doubt that he will thrive in this new environment, and he will be a constant reminder of what populism is. Thank you to Tammy Bruce and Steve Hilton. Presidential Harassment has been with me from the beginning!

The most important way to stop gangs, drugs, human trafficking and massive crime is at our Southern Border. We need Border Security, and as EVERYONE knows, you cant have Border Security without a Wall. The Drones &amp; Technology are just bells and whistles. Safety for America!

Mitch McConnell just told a group of people, and me, that he has been in the U.S. Senate for 32 years and the last two have been by far the best &amp; most productive of his career. Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, VA Choice, Farm Bill, Criminal Justice Reform, Judgeships &amp; much more. Great!

It should not be the job of America to replace regimes around the world. This is what President Trump recognized in Iraq, that it was the biggest foreign policy disaster of the last several decades, and hes right...The generals still dont get the mistake.  @RandPaul

Thanks @RandPaul  I am very proud of the President. This is exactly what he promised, and I think the people agree with him. Weve been at war too long and in too many places...spent several trillion dollars on these wars everywhere. Hes different...thats why he got elected

Bob Corker was responsible for giving us the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal, which I ended, yet he badmouths me for wanting to bring our young people safely back home. Bob wanted to run and asked for my endorsement. I said NO and the game was over. #MAGA I LOVE TENNESSEE!

Senator Bob Corker just stated that, Im so priveledged to serve in the Senate for twelve years, and thats what I told the people of our state thats what Id do, serve for two terms. But that is Not True - wanted to run but poll numbers TANKED when I wouldnt endorse him

We signed two pieces of major legislation this week, Criminal Justice Reform and the Farm Bill. These are two Big Deals, but all the Fake News Media wants to talk about is the mistake of bringing our young people back home from the Never Ending Wars. It all began 19 years ago!

Unthinkable devastation from the tsunami disaster in Indonesia. More than two hundred dead and nearly a thousand injured or unaccounted for. We are praying for recovery and healing. America is with you!

I just had a long and productive call with President @RT_Erdogan of Turkey. We discussed ISIS, our mutual involvement in Syria, &amp; the slow &amp; highly coordinated pullout of U.S. troops from the area. After many years they are coming home. We also discussed heavily expanded Trade

I am pleased to announce that our very talented Deputy Secretary of Defense, Patrick Shanahan, will assume the title of Acting Secretary of Defense starting January 1, 2019. Patrick has a long list of accomplishments while serving as Deputy, &amp; previously Boeing. He will be great!

The only way to stop drugs, gangs, human trafficking, criminal elements and much else from coming into our Country is with a Wall or Barrier. Drones and all of the rest are wonderful and lots of fun, but it is only a good old fashioned Wall that works!

When President Obama ingloriously fired Jim Mattis, I gave him a second chance. Some thought I shouldnt, I thought I should. Interesting relationship-but I also gave all of the resources that he never really had. Allies are very important-but not when they take advantage of U.S

If anybody but your favorite President, Donald J. Trump, announced that, after decimating ISIS in Syria, we were going to bring our troops back home (happy &amp; healthy), that person would be the most popular hero in America. With me, hit hard instead by the Fake News Media. Crazy!

Brett McGurk, who I do not know, was appointed by President Obama in 2015. Was supposed to leave in February but he just resigned prior to leaving. Grandstander? The Fake News is making such a big deal about this nothing event!

I will not be going to Florida because of the Shutdown - Staying in the White House!  #MAGA

Senate adjourns until December 27th

I won an election, said to be one of the greatest of all time, based on getting out of endless &amp; costly foreign wars &amp; also based on Strong Borders which will keep our Country safe. We fight for the borders of other countries, but we wont fight for the borders of our own!

The crisis of illegal activity at our Southern Border is real and will not stop until we build a great Steel Barrier or Wall. Let work begin!

Will be having lunch in White House residence with large group concerning Border Security

going to be there for three months, and that was seven years ago - we never left. When I became President, ISIS was going wild. Now ISIS is largely defeated and other local countries, including Turkey, should be able to easily take care of whatever remains. Were coming home!

I am in the White House, working hard. News reports concerning the Shutdown and Syria are mostly FAKE. We are negotiating with the Democrats on desperately needed Border Security (Gangs, Drugs, Human Trafficking &amp; more) but it could be a long stay. On Syria, we were originally

OUR GREAT COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!

Wishing Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg a full and speedy recovery!

Some of the many Bills that I am signing in the Oval Office right now. Cancelled my trip on Air Force One to Florida while we wait to see if the Democrats will help us to protect Americas Southern Border!

A design of our Steel Slat Barrier which is totally effective while at the same time beautiful!

Today, it was my honor to sign into law H.R. 7213, the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018. The Act redesignates the @DHSgov Domestic Nuclear Detection Office as the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. Read more:

Today, it was my great honor to sign the #FirstStepAct - a monumental bi-partisan win for the American people!

Ive done more damage to ISIS than all recent presidents....not even close!

The Democrats now own the shutdown!

General Anthony Tata, author, Dark Winter. I think the President is making the exact right move in Syria. All the geniuses who are protesting the withdrawal of troops from Syria are the same geniuses who cooked the books on ISIS intelligence and gave rise to ISIS

There has never been a president who has been tougher (but fair) on China or Russia - Never, just look at the facts. The Fake News tries so hard to paint the opposite picture

Thank you @SteveDaines for being willing to go with the so-called nuclear option in order to win on DESPERATELY NEEDED Border Security! Have my total support

Mitch, use the Nuclear Option and get it done! Our Country is counting on you!

Even President Ronald Reagan tried for 8 years to build a Border Wall, or Fence, and was unable to do so. Others also have tried. We will get it done, one way or the other!

Shutdown today if Democrats do not vote for Border Security!

House Republican Vote, 217-185

The Democrats, whose votes we need in the Senate, will probably vote against Border Security and the Wall even though they know it is DESPERATELY NEEDED. If the Dems vote no, there will be a shutdown that will last for a very long time. People dont want Open Borders and Crime!

No matter what happens today in the Senate, Republican House Members should be very proud of themselves. They flew back to Washington from all parts of the World in order to vote for Border Security and the Wall. Not one Democrat voted yes, and we won big. I am very proud of you!

on a Border is only effective in conjunction with a Wall. Properly designed and built Walls work, and the Democrats are lying when they say they dont. In Israel the Wall is 99.9% successful. Will not be any different on our Southern Border! Hundreds of $Billions saved!

The Democrats are trying to belittle the concept of a Wall, calling it old fashioned. The fact is there is nothing elses that will work, and that has been true for thousands of years. Its like the wheel, there is nothing better. I know tech better than anyone, &amp; technology

Senator Mitch McConnell should fight for the Wall and Border Security as hard as he fought for anything. He will need Democrat votes, but as shown in the House, good things happen. If enough Dems dont vote, it will be a Democrat Shutdown! House Republicans were great yesterday!

Soon to be Speaker Nancy Pelosi said, last week live from the Oval Office, that the Republicans didnt have the votes for Border Security. Today the House Republicans voted and won, 217-185. Nancy does not have to apologize. All I want is GREAT BORDER SECURITY!

Thank you to our GREAT Republican Members of Congress for your VOTE to fund Border Security and the Wall. The final numbers were 217-185 and many have said that the enthusiasm was greater than they have ever seen before. So proud of you all. Now on to the Senate!

General Jim Mattis will be retiring, with distinction, at the end of February, after having served my Administration as Secretary of Defense for the past two years. During Jims tenure, tremendous progress has been made, especially with respect to the purchase of new fighting

equipment. General Mattis was a great help to me in getting allies and other countries to pay their share of military obligations. A new Secretary of Defense will be named shortly. I greatly thank Jim for his service!

Democrats, it is time to come together and put the SAFETY of the AMERICAN PEOPLE before POLITICS. Border security must become a #1 priority!

Farm Bill signing in 15 minutes! #Emmys #TBT

So hard to believe that Lindsey Graham would be against saving soldier lives &amp; billions of $$$. Why are we fighting for our enemy, Syria, by staying &amp; killing ISIS for them, Russia, Iran &amp; other locals? Time to focus on our Country &amp; bring our youth back home where they belong!

Congress just passed the Criminal Justice Reform Bill known as the #FirstStepAct. Congratulations! This is a great bi-partisan achievement for everybody. When both parties work together we can keep our Country safer. A wonderful thing for the U.S.A.!!

When I begrudgingly signed the Omnibus Bill, I was promised the Wall and Border Security by leadership. Would be done by end of year (NOW). It didnt happen! We foolishly fight for Border Security for other countries - but not for our beloved U.S.A. Not good!

With so much talk about the Wall, people are losing sight of the great job being done on our Southern Border by Border Patrol, ICE and our great Military. Remember the Caravans? Well, they didnt get through and none are forming or on their way. Border is tight. Fake News silent!

The Democrats, who know Steel Slats (Wall) are necessary for Border Security, are putting politics over Country. What they are just beginning to realize is that I will not sign any of their legislation, including infrastructure, unless it has perfect Border Security. U.S.A. WINS!

Russia, Iran, Syria &amp; many others are not happy about the U.S. leaving, despite what the Fake News says, because now they will have to fight ISIS and others, who they hate, without us. I am building by far the most powerful military in the world. ISIS hits us they are doomed!

Does the USA want to be the Policeman of the Middle East, getting NOTHING but spending precious lives and trillions of dollars protecting others who, in almost all cases, do not appreciate what we are doing? Do we want to be there forever? Time for others to finally fight

Getting out of Syria was no surprise. Ive been campaigning on it for years, and six months ago, when I very publicly wanted to do it, I agreed to stay longer. Russia, Iran, Syria &amp; others are the local enemy of ISIS. We were doing there work. Time to come home &amp; rebuild. #MAGA

Im proud of the President today to hear that he is declaring victory in Syria. Senator Rand Paul.  I couldnt agree more with the presidents decision. By definition, this is the opposite of an Obama decision. Senator Mike Lee

Trump gets no credit for what hes done in the Middle East.  @IngrahamAngle  So true, thank you Laura!

Col. Jim Carafano on @IngrahamAngle Trump has made the Middle East a better place. When Trump came into office, ISIS was running amuck in the Middle East. Over a million refugees poured into Western Europe - none of that is happening today. Thats all due to Trump

After historic victories against ISIS, its time to bring our great young people home!

In any event, it goes on and on &amp; the new AG, who is now being replaced by yet another AG (who openly campaigned on a GET TRUMP agenda), does little else but rant, rave &amp; politic against me. Will never be treated fairly by these people - a total double standard of justice

sleazebag AG Eric Schneiderman, who has since resigned over horrific women abuse, when I wanted to close the Foundation so as not to be in conflict with politics. Shady Eric was head of New Yorkers for Clinton, and refused to even look at the corrupt Clinton Foundation

The Trump Foundation has done great work and given away lots of money, both mine and others, to great charities over the years - with me taking NO fees, rent, salaries etc. Now, as usual, I am getting slammed by Cuomo and the Dems in a long running civil lawsuit started by

We have defeated ISIS in Syria, my only reason for being there during the Trump Presidency

Mexico is paying (indirectly) for the Wall through the new USMCA, the replacement for NAFTA! Far more money coming to the U.S. Because of the tremendous dangers at the Border, including large scale criminal and drug inflow, the United States Military will build the Wall!

In our Country, so much money has been poured down the drain, for so many years, but when it comes to Border Security and the Military, the Democrats fight to the death. We won on the Military, which is being completely rebuilt. One way or the other, we will win on the Wall!

In our Country, so much money has been poured down the drain, for so many years, but the Democrats fight us like cats and dogs when it comes to spending on Boarder Security (including a Wall) and the Military. We won on the Military, it is being completely rebuilt. We will win

This will keep our communities safer, and provide hope and a second chance, to those who earn it. In addition to everything else, billions of dollars will be saved. I look forward to signing this into law!

America is the greatest Country in the world and my job is to fight for ALL citizens, even those who have made mistakes. Congratulations to the Senate on the bi-partisan passing of a historic Criminal Justice Reform Bill

The Democrats, are saying loud and clear that they do not want to build a Concrete Wall - but we are not building a Concrete Wall, we are building artistically designed steel slats, so that you can easily see through it

It will be beautiful and, at the same time, give our Country the security that our citizens deserve. It will go up fast and save us BILLIONS of dollars a month once completed!

Congratulations to @MarthaMcSally on her appointment by Governor @DougDucey as the Great new Senator from Arizona - I have no doubt she will do a fantastic job!

President Donald J. Trumps Commission on School Safety examined ways to make our schools safe for all students and teachers. Read more:

Michael Isikoff was the first to report Dossier allegations and now seriously doubts the Dossier claims. The whole Russian Collusion thing was a HOAX, but who is going to restore the good name of so many people whose reputations have been destroyed?

WILL NEVER BE PROVEN AND ARE LIKELY FALSE.  Thank you to Michael Isikoff, Yahoo, for honesty. What this means is that the FISA WARRANTS and the whole Russian Witch Hunt is a Fraud and a Hoax which should be ended immediately. Also, it was paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp; DNC!

Russia Dossier reporter now doubts dopey Christopher Steeles claims! When you get into the details of the Steele Dossier, the specific allegations, we have not seen the evidence to support them. Theres good grounds to think that some of the more sensational allegations

Illegal immigration costs the United States more than 200 Billion Dollars a year. How was this allowed to happen?

Facebook, Twitter and Google are so biased toward the Dems it is ridiculous! Twitter, in fact, has made it much more difficult for people to join @realDonaldTrump. They have removed many names &amp; greatly slowed the level and speed of increase. They have acknowledged-done NOTHING!

I hope the people over at the Fed will read todays Wall Street Journal Editorial before they make yet another mistake. Also, dont let the market become any more illiquid than it already is. Stop with the 50 Bs. Feel the market, dont just go by meaningless numbers. Good luck!

Good luck today in court to General Michael Flynn. Will be interesting to see what he has to say, despite tremendous pressure being put on him, about Russian Collusion in our great and, obviously, highly successful political campaign. There was no Collusion!

Biggest outrage yet in the long, winding and highly conflicted Mueller Witch Hunt is the fact that 19,000 demanded Text messages between Peter Strzok and his FBI lover, Lisa Page, were purposely &amp; illegally deleted. Would have explained whole Hoax, which is now under protest!

Today I am making good on my promise to defend our Farmers &amp; Ranchers from unjustified trade retaliation by foreign nations. I have authorized Secretary Perdue to implement the 2nd round of Market Facilitation Payments. Our economy is stronger than everwe stand with our Farmers!

Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Border Security without a Wall, write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have, at the same time, far greater safety and control!

It is incredible that with a very strong dollar and virtually no inflation, the outside world blowing up around us, Paris is burning and China way down, the Fed is even considering yet another interest rate hike. Take the Victory!

Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Boarder Security without a Wall, write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have, at the same time, far greater safety and control!

The DEDUCTIBLE which comes with ObamaCare is so high that it is practically not even useable! Hurts families badly. We have a chance, working with the Democrats, to deliver great HealthCare! A confirming Supreme Court Decision will lead to GREAT HealthCare results for Americans!

The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, started as the insurance policy long before I even got elected, is very bad for our Country. They are Entrapping people for misstatements, lies or unrelated things that took place many years ago. Nothing to do with Collusion. A Democrat Scam!

a persecution of the President.  Daniel Henninger, The Wall Street Journal. Thank you, people are starting to see and understand what this Witch Hunt is all about. Jeff Sessions should be ashamed of himself for allowing this total HOAX to get started in the first place!

It looks here as though General Flynns defenses are incidental to something larger which is for the prosecution to figure out if it can find a path to Donald Trump without quite knowing what that crime might be. It stops looking like prosecution and more looking like

Required television watching is last weeks @marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of Rod Blagojevich and the @trish_regan interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesnt tell you something about what has been going on in our Country, nothing will. Very sad!

Required television watching is last weeks @marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of @RodBlagojevich and the @trishregan interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesnt tell you something about what has been going on in our Country, nothing will. Very sad!

The Democrats policy of Child Seperation on the Border during the Obama Administration was far worse than the way we handle it now. Remember the 2014 picture of children in cages - the Obama years. However, if you dont separate, FAR more people will come. Smugglers use the kids!

Judge Ken Starr, former Solicitor Generel &amp; Independent Counsel, just stated that, after two years, there is no evidence or proof of collusion &amp; further that there is no evidence that there was a campaign financing violation involving the President. Thank you Judge. @FoxNews

At the request of many, I will be reviewing the case of a U.S. Military hero, Major Matt Golsteyn, who is charged with murder. He could face the death penalty from our own government after he admitted to killing a Terrorist bomb maker while overseas. @PeteHegseth @FoxNews

Remember, Michael Cohen only became a Rat after the FBI did something which was absolutely unthinkable &amp; unheard of until the Witch Hunt was illegally started. They BROKE INTO AN ATTORNEYS OFFICE! Why didnt they break into the DNC to get the Server, or Crookeds office?

So where are all the missing Text messages between fired FBI agents Peter S and the lovely Lisa Page, his lover. Just reported that they have been erased and wiped clean. What an outrage as the totally compromised and conflicted Witch Hunt moves ever so slowly forward. Want them!

A REAL scandal is the one sided coverage, hour by hour, of networks like NBC &amp; Democrat spin machines like Saturday Night Live. It is all nothing less than unfair news coverage and Dem commercials. Should be tested in courts, cant be legal? Only defame &amp; belittle! Collusion?

Wow, 19,000 Texts between Lisa Page and her lover, Peter S of the FBI, in charge of the Russia Hoax, were just reported as being wiped clean and gone. Such a big story that will never be covered by the Fake News. Witch Hunt!

The pathetic and dishonest Weekly Standard, run by failed prognosticator Bill Kristol (who, like many others, never had a clue), is flat broke and out of business. Too bad. May it rest in peace!

Never in the history of our Country has the press been more dishonest than it is today. Stories that should be good, are bad. Stories that should be bad, are horrible. Many stories, like with the REAL story on Russia, Clinton &amp; the DNC, seldom get reported. Too bad!

The Trump Administration will be announcing the new Secretary of the Interior next week

Secretary of the Interior @RyanZinke will be leaving the Administration at the end of the year after having served for a period of almost two years. Ryan has accomplished much during his tenure and I want to thank him for his service to our Nation

Wow, but not surprisingly, ObamaCare was just ruled UNCONSTITUTIONAL by a highly respected judge in Texas. Great news for America!

As I predicted all along, Obamacare has been struck down as an UNCONSTITUTIONAL disaster! Now Congress must pass a STRONG law that provides GREAT healthcare and protects pre-existing conditions. Mitch and Nancy, get it done!

For the record, there were MANY people who wanted to be the White House Chief of Staff. Mick M will do a GREAT job!

I look forward to working with him in this new capacity as we continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! John will be staying until the end of the year. He is a GREAT PATRIOT and I want to personally thank him for his service!

I am pleased to announce that Mick Mulvaney, Director of the Office of Management &amp; Budget, will be named Acting White House Chief of Staff, replacing General John Kelly, who has served our Country with distinction. Mick has done an outstanding job while in the Administration

Thank you to @tim_cook for agreeing to expand operations in the U.S. and thereby creating thousands of jobs!

Many people have asked how we are doing in our negotiations with North Korea - I always reply by saying we are in no hurry, there is wonderful potential for great economic success for that country

Kim Jong Un sees it better than anyone and will fully take advantage of it for his people. We are doing just fine!

China just announced that their economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen, and rather soon!

China just announce the there economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen, and rather soon!

Lets not do a shutdown, Democrats - do whats right for the American People!

Today, it was my honor to welcome our Nations newly elected Governors to the @WhiteHouse!

Happy 382nd Birthday @USNationalGuard. Our entire Nation is forever grateful for all you do 24/7/365. We love you! #Guard382

Just did an interview with @HARRISFAULKNER on @FoxNews, airing now (1pmE.) Enjoy!

She will probably be given a pass, despite their terrible ratings. Congratulations to @RichardGrenell, our great Ambassador to Germany, for having the courage to take this horrible issue on!

If it was a Conservative that said what crazed Mika Brzezinski stated on her show yesterday, using a certain horrible term, that person would be banned permanently from television

WITCH HUNT!

They gave General Flynn a great deal because they were embarrassed by the way he was treated - the FBI said he didnt lie and they overrode the FBI. They want to scare everybody into making up stories that are not true by catching them in the smallest of misstatements. Sad!

guilty even on a civil basis. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence, which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer, Michael has great liability to me!

guilty even on a civil bases. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence, which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer, Michael has great liability to me!

stated that I did nothing wrong with respect to campaign finance laws, if they even apply, because this was not campaign finance. Cohen was guilty on many charges unrelated to me, but he plead to two campaign charges which were not criminal and of which he probably was not

I never directed Michael Cohen to break the law. He was a lawyer and he is supposed to know the law. It is called advice of counsel, and a lawyer has great liability if a mistake is made. That is why they get paid. Despite that many campaign finance lawyers have strongly

I often stated, One way or the other, Mexico is going to pay for the Wall. This has never changed. Our new deal with Mexico (and Canada), the USMCA, is so much better than the old, very costly &amp; anti-USA NAFTA deal, that just by the money we save, MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL!

@FLOTUS Melania will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight on @FoxNews at 9:00pmE!

The Democrats and President Obama gave Iran 150 Billion Dollars and got nothing, but they cant give 5 Billion Dollars for National Security and a Wall?

Another very bad terror attack in France. We are going to strengthen our borders even more. Chuck and Nancy must give us the votes to get additional Border Security!

Thanks to Leader McConnell for agreeing to bring a Senate vote on Criminal Justice this week! These historic changes will make communities SAFER and SAVE tremendous taxpayers dollars. It brings much needed hope to many families during the Holiday Season

I dont care what you think of the President...it cannot bleed over to the FBI...Comey is confirming there is bias in the FBI... 
-Chris Swecker

James Comey just totally exposed his partisan stance by urging his fellow Democrats to take back the White House in 2020. In other words, he is and has been a Democrat. Comey had no right heading the FBI at any time, but especially after his mind exploded!

Fake News has it purposely wrong. Many, over ten, are vying for and wanting the White House Chief of Staff position. Why wouldnt someone want one of the truly great and meaningful jobs in Washington. Please report news correctly. Thank you!

Very productive conversations going on with China! Watch for some important announcements!

Great job by Michael Anton on @foxandfriends. A true National Security expert!

People do not yet realize how much of the Wall, including really effective renovation, has already been built. If the Democrats do not give us the votes to secure our Country, the Military will build the remaining sections of the Wall. They know how important it is!

I look forward to my meeting with Chuck Schumer &amp; Nancy Pelosi. In 2006, Democrats voted for a Wall, and they were right to do so. Today, they no longer want Border Security. They will fight it at all cost, and Nancy must get votes for Speaker. But the Wall will get built

however, for strictly political reasons and because they have been pulled so far left, do NOT want Border Security. They want Open Borders for anyone to come in. This brings large scale crime and disease. Our Southern Border is now Secure and will remain that way

Ice, Border Patrol and our Military have done a FANTASTIC job of securing our Southern Border. A Great Wall would be, however, a far easier &amp; less expensive solution. We have already built large new sections &amp; fully renovated others, making them like new. The Democrats,

Despite the large Caravans that WERE forming and heading to our Country, people have not been able to get through our newly built Walls, makeshift Walls &amp; Fences, or Border Patrol Officers &amp; Military. They are now staying in Mexico or going back to their original countries

Former FBI Director James Comey under fire for his testimony acknowledging he knew that the Democrats paid for that phony Trump Dossier. @LouDobbs  Details on Tuesday night

James Comeys behind closed doors testimony reveals that there was not evidence of Campaign Collusion with Russia when he left the FBI. In other words, the Witch Hunt is illegal and should never have been started!

which it was not (but even if it was, it is only a CIVIL CASE, like Obamas - but it was done correctly by a lawyer and there would not even be a fine. Lawyers liability if he made a mistake, not me). Cohen just trying to get his sentence reduced. WITCH HUNT!

Democrats cant find a Smocking Gun tying the Trump campaign to Russia after James Comeys testimony. No Smocking Gun...No Collusion. @FoxNews  Thats because there was NO COLLUSION. So now the Dems go to a simple private transaction, wrongly call it a campaign contribution,

I am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of White House Chief of Staff. Fake News has been saying with certainty it was Nick Ayers, a spectacular person who will always be with our #MAGA agenda. I will be making a decision soon!

The Trump Administration has accomplished more than any other U.S. Administration in its first two (not even) years of existence, &amp; we are having a great time doing it! All of this despite the Fake News Media, which has gone totally out of its mind-truly the Enemy of the People!

Leakin James Comey must have set a record for who lied the most to Congress in one day. His Friday testimony was so untruthful! This whole deal is a Rigged Fraud headed up by dishonest people who would do anything so that I could not become President. They are now exposed!

On 245  occasions, former FBI Director James Comey told House investigators he didnt know, didnt recall, or couldnt remember things when asked. Opened investigations on 4 Americans (not 2) - didnt know who signed off and didnt know Christopher Steele. All lies!

It was my honor to attend todays #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia. A GREAT game played all around by our HEROES. Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football on the win!

#ArmyNavyGame

Great honor to be headed to the Army-Navy game today. Will be there shortly, landing now!

left and right, he then woke up from his dream screaming that HE LIED. Next time I go to Vietnam I will ask the Dick to travel with me!

Watched Da Nang Dick Blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in Vietnam (which he never saw). As the bullets whizzed by Da Nang Dicks head, as he was saving soldiers

Very sad day &amp; night in Paris. Maybe its time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive Paris Agreement and return money back to the people in the form of lower taxes? The U.S. was way ahead of the curve on that and the only major country where emissions went down last year!

This is collusion illusion, there is no smoking gun here. At this late date, after all that we have gone through, after millions have been spent, we have no Russian Collusion. There is nothing impeachable here. @GeraldoRivera  Time for the Witch Hunt to END!

I am pleased to announce my nomination of four-star General Mark Milley, Chief of Staff of the United States Army  as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, replacing General Joe Dunford, who will be retiring

I am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our Country! Date of transition to be determined

AFTER TWO YEARS AND MILLIONS OF PAGES OF DOCUMENTS (and a cost of over $30,000,000), NO COLLUSION!

The idea of a European Military didnt work out too well in W.W. I or 2. But the U.S. was there for you, and always will be. All we ask is that you pay your fair share of NATO. Germany is paying 1% while the U.S. pays 4.3% of a much larger GDP - to protect Europe. Fairness!

The Paris Agreement isnt working out so well for Paris. Protests and riots all over France. People do not want to pay large sums of money, much to third world countries (that are questionably run), in order to maybe protect the environment. Chanting We Want Trump! Love France

Totally clears the President. Thank you!

It is being reported that Leakin James Comey was told by Department of Justice attorneys not to answer the most important questions. Total bias and corruption at the highest levels of previous Administration. Force him to answer the questions under oath!

Hopefully Mitch McConnell will ask for a VOTE on Criminal Justice Reform. It is extremely popular and has strong bipartisan support. It will also help a lot of people, save taxpayer dollars, and keep our communities safe. Go for it Mitch!

Mike Pompeo is doing a great job, I am very proud of him. His predecessor, Rex Tillerson, didnt have the mental capacity needed. He was dumb as a rock and I couldnt get rid of him fast enough. He was lazy as hell. Now it is a whole new ballgame, great spirit at State!

and one of the most highly respected lawyers and legal minds in the Country, he will be a great addition to our team. I look forward to having him join our very successful Administration!

I am pleased to announce that I will be nominating The Honorable William P. Barr for the position of Attorney General of the United States. As the former AG for George H.W. Bush

I am pleased to announce that Heather Nauert, Spokeswoman for the United States Department of State, will be nominated to serve as United Nations Ambassador. I want to congratulate Heather, and thank Ambassador Nikki Haley for her great service to our Country!

We will be doing a major Counter Report to the Mueller Report. This should never again be allowed to happen to a future President of the United States!

Today, we honor those who perished 77 years ago at Pearl Harbor, and we salute every veteran who served in World War II over the 4 years that followed that horrific attack. God Bless America!

It has been incorrectly reported that Rudy Giuliani and others will not be doing a counter to the Mueller Report. That is Fake News. Already 87 pages done, but obviously cannot complete until we see the final Witch Hunt Report

China talks are going very well!

the lying and leaking by the people doing the Report, &amp; also Bruce Ohr (and his lovely wife Molly), Comey, Brennan, Clapper, &amp; all of the many fired people of the FBI, be listed in the Report? Will the corruption within the DNC &amp; Clinton Campaign be exposed?..And so much more!

Foundation be listed at the top of the Report? Will the scathing document written about Lyin James Comey, by the man in charge of the case, Rod Rosenstein (who also signed the FISA Warrant), be a big part of the Report? Isnt Rod therefore totally conflicted? Will all of

overturned, 9-0, in the United States Supreme Court. Doing same thing to people now. Will all of the substantial &amp; many contributions made by the 17 Angry Democrats to the Campaign of Crooked Hillary be listed in top of Report. Will the people that worked for the Clinton

Will Robert Muellers big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his Republicans only Report. Will Andrew Weissmans horrible and vicious prosecutorial past be listed in the Report. He wrongly destroyed peoples lives, took down great companies, only to be

Robert Mueller and Leakin Lyin James Comey are Best Friends, just one of many Mueller Conflicts of Interest. And bye the way, wasnt the woman in charge of prosecuting Jerome Corsi (who I do not know) in charge of legal at the corrupt Clinton Foundation? A total Witch Hunt

Arizona, together with our Military and Border Patrol, is bracing for a massive surge at a NON-WALLED area. WE WILL NOT LET THEM THROUGH. Big danger. Nancy and Chuck must approve Boarder Security and the Wall!

FAKE NEWS - THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!

Trish_Regan:  Did the FBI follow protocol to obtain the FISA warrant? I dont think so. The Dossier was opposition research funded by opponents. Dont use Government resources to take down political foes. Weaponizing Government for gain. Is this really America? Witch Hunt!

Jerome Corsi: This is not justice, this is not America. This is a political prosecution. The Special Prosecutor (Counsel), to get this plea deal, demanded I lie and violate the law. Theyre the criminals. He is not alone. 17 Angry Dems. People forced to lie. Sad!  @Trish_Regan

Statement from China: The teams of both sides are now having smooth communications and good cooperation with each other. We are full of confidence that an agreement can be reached within the next 90 days. I agree!

Does the Fake News Media ever mention the fact that Republicans, with the very important help of my campaign Rallies, WON THE UNITED STATES SENATE, 53 to 47? All I hear is that the Open Border Dems won the House. Senate alone approves judges &amp; others. Big Republican Win!

My thoughts and prayers are with the @USMC crew members who were involved in a mid-air collision off the coast of Japan. Thank you to @USForcesJapan for their immediate response and rescue efforts. Whatever you need, we are here for you. @IIIMEF

Without the phony Russia Witch Hunt, and with all that we have accomplished in the last almost two years (Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, Judges, Military, Vets, etc.) my approval rating would be at 75% rather than the 50% just reported by Rasmussen. Its called Presidential Harassment!

Working hard, thank you!

Doug Wead, a truly great presidential historian, had a wonderful take on a very beautiful moment in history, the funeral service today of President Bush. Doug was able to brilliantly cover some very important and interesting periods of time! @LouDobbs

Hopefully OPEC will be keeping oil flows as is, not restricted. The World does not want to see, or need, higher oil prices!

Looking forward to being with the Bush family. This is not a funeral, this is a day of celebration for a great man who has led a long and distinguished life. He will be missed!

considered to be the worst and most dangerous, addictive and deadly substance of them all. Last year over 77,000 people died from Fentanyl. If China cracks down on this horror drug, using the Death Penalty for distributors and pushers, the results will be incredible!

One of the very exciting things to come out of my meeting with President Xi of China is his promise to me to criminalize the sale of deadly Fentanyl coming into the United States. It will now be considered a controlled substance. This could be a game changer on what is

Very strong signals being sent by China once they returned home from their long trip, including stops, from Argentina. Not to sound naive or anything, but I believe President Xi meant every word of what he said at our long and hopefully historic meeting. ALL subjects discussed!

China had agreed to start immediately buying U.S. products. @business

China officially echoed President Donald Trumps optimism over bilateral trade talks. Chinese officials have begun preparing to restart imports of U.S. Soybeans &amp; Liquified Natural Gas, the first sign confirming the claims of President Donald Trump and the White House that

China does not want Tariffs!

We are either going to have a REAL DEAL with China, or no deal at all - at which point we will be charging major Tariffs against Chinese product being shipped into the United States. Ultimately, I believe, we will be making a deal - either now or into the future

in the world. I want clean air and clean water and have been making great strides in improving Americas environment. But American taxpayers  and American workers  shouldnt pay to clean up others countries pollution

I am glad that my friend @EmmanuelMacron and the protestors in Paris have agreed with the conclusion I reached two years ago. The Paris Agreement is fatally flawed because it raises the price of energy for responsible countries while whitewashing some of the worst polluters

Could somebody please explain to the Democrats (we need their votes) that our Country losses 250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration, not including the terrible drug flow. Top Border Security, including a Wall, is $25 Billion. Pays for itself in two months. Get it done!

But if a fair deal is able to be made with China, one that does all of the many things we know must be finally done, I will happily sign. Let the negotiations begin. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I am a Tariff Man. When people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our Nation, I want them to pay for the privilege of doing so. It will always be the best way to max out our economic power. We are right now taking in $billions in Tariffs. MAKE AMERICA RICH AGAIN

on seeing whether or not a REAL deal with China is actually possible. If it is, we will get it done. China is supposed to start buying Agricultural product and more immediately. President Xi and I want this deal to happen, and it probably will. But if not remember,

The negotiations with China have already started. Unless extended, they will end 90 days from the date of our wonderful and very warm dinner with President Xi in Argentina. Bob Lighthizer will be working closely with Steve Mnuchin, Larry Kudlow, Wilbur Ross and Peter Navarro

Looking forward to being with the wonderful Bush family at Blair House today. The former First Lady will be coming over to the White House this morning to be given a tour of the Christmas decorations by Melania. The elegance &amp; precision of the last two days have been remarkable!

#Remembering41

Congratulations to newly inaugurated Mexican President @lopezobrador_. He had a tremendous political victory with the great support of the Mexican People. We will work well together for many years to come!

Looking forward to being with the Bush Family to pay my respects to President George H.W. Bush

Bob Mueller (who is a much different man than people think) and his out of control band of Angry Democrats, dont want the truth, they only want lies. The truth is very bad for their mission!

I will never testify against Trump. This statement was recently made by Roger Stone, essentially stating that he will not be forced by a rogue and out of control prosecutor to make up lies and stories about President Trump. Nice to know that some people still have guts!

his wife and father-in-law (who has the money?) off Scott Free. He lied for this outcome and should, in my opinion, serve a full and complete sentence

Michael Cohen asks judge for no Prison Time. You mean he can do all of the TERRIBLE, unrelated to Trump, things having to do with fraud, big loans, Taxis, etc., and not serve a long prison term? He makes up stories to get a GREAT &amp; ALREADY reduced deal for himself, and get

We would save Billions of Dollars if the Democrats would give us the votes to build the Wall. Either way, people will NOT be allowed into our Country illegally! We will close the entire Southern Border if necessary. Also, STOP THE DRUGS!

I am certain that, at some time in the future, President Xi and I, together with President Putin of Russia, will start talking about a meaningful halt to what has become a major and uncontrollable Arms Race. The U.S. spent 716 Billion Dollars this year. Crazy!

President Xi and I have a very strong and personal relationship. He and I are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change, on trade and far beyond, between our two great Nations. A solution for North Korea is a great thing for China and ALL!

Farmers will be a a very BIG and FAST beneficiary of our deal with China. They intend to start purchasing agricultural product immediately. We make the finest and cleanest product in the World, and that is what China wants. Farmers, I LOVE YOU!

My meeting in Argentina with President Xi of China was an extraordinary one. Relations with China have taken a BIG leap forward! Very good things will happen. We are dealing from great strength, but China likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed. Level the field!

China has agreed to reduce and remove tariffs on cars coming into China from the U.S. Currently the tariff is 40%

This week, Jews around the world will celebrate the miracles of Hanukkah. @FLOTUS Melania and I send our very best wishes for a blessed and Happy Hanukkah!

However, out of respect for the Bush Family and former President George H.W. Bush we will wait until after the funeral to have a press conference

I was very much looking forward to having a press conference just prior to leaving Argentina because we have had such great success in our dealing with various countries and their leaders at the G20

President George H.W. Bush led a long, successful and beautiful life.  Whenever I was with him I saw his absolute joy for life and true pride in his family. His accomplishments were great from beginning to end. He was a truly wonderful man and will be missed by all!

Statement from President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on the Passing of Former President George H.W. Bush

Watch @seanhannity on @FoxNews NOW. Enjoy!

Great day at the #G20Summit in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Thank you!

Great reviews on the USMCA - sooo much better than NAFTA!

To the Great people of Alaska. You have been hit hard by a big one. Please follow the directions of the highly trained professionals who are there to help you. Your Federal Government will spare no expense. God Bless you ALL!

Just signed one of the most important, and largest, Trade Deals in U.S. and World History. The United States, Mexico and Canada worked so well together in crafting this great document. The terrible NAFTA will soon be gone. The USMCA will be fantastic for all!

#USMCA

Lightly looked at doing a building somewhere in Russia. Put up zero money, zero guarantees and didnt do the project. Witch Hunt!

Oh, I get it! I am a very good developer, happily living my life, when I see our Country going in the wrong direction (to put it mildly). Against all odds, I decide to run for President &amp; continue to run my business-very legal &amp; very cool, talked about it on the campaign trail

Arrived in Argentina with a very busy two days planned. Important meetings scheduled throughout. Our great Country is extremely well represented. Will be very productive!

Alan Dershowitz: These are not crimes. He (Mueller) has no authority to be a roving Commissioner. I dont see any evidence of crimes.  This is an illegal Hoax that should be ended immediately. Mueller refuses to look at the real crimes on the other side. Where is the IG REPORT?

This demonstrates the Robert Mueller and his partisans have no evidence, not a whiff of collusion, between Trump and the Russians. Russian project legal. Trump Tower meeting (son Don), perfectly legal. He wasnt involved with hacking.     Gregg Jarrett.  A total Witch Hunt!

Just landed in Argentina with @FLOTUS Melania! #G20Summit

As RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel oversaw history defying gains in the Senate and unprecedented fundraising strength. I have asked her to serve another term for my 2020 re-elect, because there is no one better for the job!

We have been working hard on this - and its only going to get better!

With all of the new books coming out you cant forget two of the great originals written by @GreggJarrett and @JudgeJeanine Pirro. Their books both went to #1. Go get them now, the phony Witch Hunt is well explained!

@DBonginos new book, Spygate: The Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump, is terrific. Hes tough, hes smart, and he really gets it. His book is on sale now, I highly recommend!

They have really done a great job in capturing my long-held views and ideas. This book is on sale now - a terrific read of a really interesting subject!

@StephenMoore and Arthur Laffer, two very talented men, have just completed an incredible book on my Economic Policies or, as they call it, #TRUMPONOMICS

@SteveScalise has written an absolutely fascinating book (BACK IN THE GAME) on the world of D.C. politics, and more. He has experienced so much, in a short period of time. Few people have had his bravery or courage, and he has come all the way back. A big power and great person!

in Argentina with President Vladimir Putin. I look forward to a meaningful Summit again as soon as this situation is resolved!

Based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to Ukraine from Russia, I have decided it would be best for all parties concerned to cancel my previously scheduled meeting

Billions of Dollars are pouring into the coffers of the U.S.A. because of the Tariffs being charged to China, and there is a long way to go. If companies dont want to pay Tariffs, build in the U.S.A. Otherwise, lets just make our Country richer than ever before!

When will this illegal Joseph McCarthy style Witch Hunt, one that has shattered so many innocent lives, ever end-or will it just go on forever? After wasting more than $40,000,000 (is that possible?), it has proven only one thing-there was NO Collusion with Russia. So Ridiculous!

Did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats arent even looking at the atrocious, and perhaps subversive, crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. A total disgrace!

General Motors is very counter to what other auto, and other, companies are doing. Big Steel is opening and renovating plants all over the country. Auto companies are pouring into the U.S., including BMW, which just announced a major new plant. The U.S.A. is booming!

So much happening with the now discredited Witch Hunt. This total Hoax will be studied for years!

Sebastian Gorka, a very talented man who I got to know well while he was working at the White House, has just written an excellent book, Why We Fight. Much will be learned from this very good read!

On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and the entire Trump family, I want to wish you all a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! May this Christmas Season bring peace to your hearts, warmth to your homes, cheer to your spirits and JOY TO THE WORLD! #NCTL2018

Steel Dynamics announced that it will build a brand new 3 million ton steel mill in the Southwest that will create 600 good-paying U.S. JOBS. Steel JOBS are coming back to America, just like I predicted. Congratulations to Steel Dynamics!

and G.M. would not be closing their plants in Ohio, Michigan &amp; Maryland. Get smart Congress. Also, the countries that send us cars have taken advantage of the U.S. for decades. The President has great power on this issue - Because of the G.M. event, it is being studied now!

The reason that the small truck business in the U.S. is such a go to favorite is that, for many years, Tariffs of 25% have been put on small trucks coming into our country. It is called the chicken tax. If we did that with cars coming in, many more cars would be built here

While the disgusting Fake News is doing everything within their power not to report it that way, at least 3 major players are intimating that the Angry Mueller Gang of Dems is viciously telling witnesses to lie about facts &amp; they will get relief. This is our Joseph McCarthy Era!

Congratulations to Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith on your big WIN in the Great State of Mississippi. We are all very proud of you!

Brenda Snipes, in charge of voting in Broward County, Florida, was just spotted wearing a beautiful dress with 300 I VOTED signs on it. Just kidding, she is a fine, very honorable and highly respected voting tactician!

The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace. They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails (even though they dont want to look at the DNC Server), but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED &amp; acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena!

Very disappointed with General Motors and their CEO, Mary Barra, for closing plants in Ohio, Michigan and Maryland. Nothing being closed in Mexico &amp; China. The U.S. saved General Motors, and this is the THANKS we get! We are now looking at cutting all @GM subsidies, including

for electric cars. General Motors made a big China bet years ago when they built plants there (and in Mexico) - dont think that bet is going to pay off. I am here to protect Americas Workers!

Polls are open in Mississippi. We need Cindy Hyde-Smith in Washington. GO OUT AND VOTE. Thanks!

terrible Gang of Angry Democrats. Look at their past, and look where they come from. The now $30,000,000 Witch Hunt continues and theyve got nothing but ruined lives. Where is the Server? Let these terrible people go back to the Clinton Foundation and Justice Department!

The Fake News Media builds Bob Mueller up as a Saint, when in actuality he is the exact opposite. He is doing TREMENDOUS damage to our Criminal Justice System, where he is only looking at one side and not the other. Heroes will come of this, and it wont be Mueller and his

The Phony Witch Hunt continues, but Mueller and his gang of Angry Dems are only looking at one side, not the other. Wait until it comes out how horribly &amp; viciously they are treating people, ruining lives for them refusing to lie. Mueller is a conflicted prosecutor gone rogue

starts today, election is on December 4th. @VoteBradRaff is tough on Crime and Borders, Loves our Military and Vets. He will be great for jobs!

Brad Raffensperger will be a fantastic Secretary of State for Georgia - will work closely with @BrianKempGA. It is really important that you get out and vote for Brad - early voting

While CNN doesnt do great in the United States based on ratings, outside of the U.S. they have very little competition. Throughout the world, CNN has a powerful voice portraying the United States in an unfair

and false way. Something has to be done, including the possibility of the United States starting our own Worldwide Network to show the World the way we really are, GREAT!

On the ten-year anniversary of the Mumbai terror attack, the U.S. stands with the people of India in their quest for justice. The attack killed 166 innocents, including six Americans. We will never let terrorists win, or even come close to winning!

hundreds of people closely involved with my campaign who never met, saw or spoke to a Russian during this period? So many campaign workers, people inside from the beginning, ask me why they have not been called (they want to be). There was NO Collusion &amp; Mueller knows it!

When Mueller does his final report, will he be covering all of his conflicts of interest in a preamble, will he be recommending action on all of the crimes of many kinds from those on the other side(whatever happened to Podesta?), and will he be putting in statements from

Mexico should move the flag waving Migrants, many of whom are stone cold criminals, back to their countries. Do it by plane, do it by bus, do it anyway you want, but they are NOT coming into the U.S.A. We will close the Border permanently if need be. Congress, fund the WALL!

children from parents, as did Bush etc., because that is the policy and law. I tried to keep them together but the problem is, when you do that, vast numbers of additional people storm the Border. So with Obama seperation is fine, but with Trump its not. Fake 60 Minutes!

@60Minutes did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the Obama Administration. In fact a picture of children in jails was used by other Fake Media to show how bad (cruel) we are, but it was in 2014 during O years. Obama separated

Clinton Foundation donations drop 42% - which shows that they illegally played the power game. They monetized their political influence through the Foundation. During her tenure the State Department was put in the service of the Clinton Foundation.  Andrew McCarthy

Europe has to pay their fair share for Military Protection. The European Union, for many years, has taken advantage of us on Trade, and then they dont live up to their Military commitment through NATO. Things must change fast!

General Anthony Tata: President Trump is a man of his word &amp; he said he was going to be tough on the Border, and he is tough on the Border. He has rightfully strengthened the Border in the face of an unprecedented threat. Its the right move by President Trump. Thanks General!

Mississippi, Vote for @cindyhydesmith on Tuesday. Respected by all. We need her in Washington!. Thanks!

So great that oil prices are falling (thank you President T). Add that, which is like a big Tax Cut, to our other good Economic news. Inflation down (are you listening Fed)!

Would be very SMART if Mexico would stop the Caravans long before they get to our Southern Border, or if originating countries would not let them form (it is a way they get certain people out of their country and dump in U.S. No longer). Dems created this problem. No crossings!

The large and violent French protests dont take into account how badly the United States has been treated on Trade by the European Union or on fair and reasonable payments for our GREAT military protection. Both of these topics must be remedied soon

I will be in Gulfport and Tupelo, Mississippi, on Monday night doing two Rallies for Senator Hyde-Smith, who has a very important Election on Tuesday. She is an outstanding person who is strong on the Border, Crime, Military, our great Vets, Healthcare &amp; the 2nd A. Needed in D.C

Victor Davis Hanson was a very good and interesting guest of Mark Levin on @FoxNews. He wrote a highly touted book called The Second World Wars and a new book will soon be coming out called The Case For Trump. Recommend both. @marklevinshow

All will stay in Mexico. If for any reason it becomes necessary, we will CLOSE our Southern Border. There is no way that the United States will, after decades of abuse, put up with this costly and dangerous situation anymore!

Migrants at the Southern Border will not be allowed into the United States until their claims are individually approved in court. We only will allow those who come into our Country legally. Other than that our very strong policy is Catch and Detain. No Releasing into the U.S

I am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by @USTreasury Secretary @StevenMnuchin1. The FAKE NEWS likes to write stories to the contrary, quoting phony sources or jealous people, but they arent true. They never like to ask me for a quote b/c it would kill their story

Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @SenSchumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already passed, with big vote, in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!

Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @senchuckschumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already past, with big vote, in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!

Republicans and Democrats MUST come together, finally, with a major Border Security package, which will include funding for the Wall. After 40 years of talk, it is finally time for action. Fix the Border, for once and for all, NOW!

Our highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the Border because of the Judicial Activism and Interference by the 9th Circuit. Nevertheless, they are working hard to make America a safer place, though hard to do when anybody filing a lawsuit wins!

This is the coldest weather in the history of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC, and one of the coldest Thanksgivings on record!

Will be speaking with our great military in different parts of the world, through teleconference, at 9:00 A.M. Eastern. Then it will be off to see our Coast Guard patriots &amp; to thank them for the great job they have been doing, especially with the hurricanes. Happy Thanksgiving!

and Safety at the Border, or anywhere else. They know nothing about it and are making our Country unsafe. Our great Law Enforcement professionals MUST BE ALLOWED TO DO THEIR JOB! If not there will be only bedlam, chaos, injury and death. We want the Constitution as written!

Justice Roberts can say what he wants, but the 9th Circuit is a complete &amp; total disaster. It is out of control, has a horrible reputation, is overturned more than any Circuit in the Country, 79%, &amp; is used to get an almost guaranteed result. Judges must not Legislate Security

HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL!

Its a mean &amp; nasty world out there, the Middle East in particular. This is a long and historic commitment, &amp; one that is absolutely vital to Americas national security. @SecPompeo  I agree 100%. In addition, many Billions of Dollars of purchases made in U.S., big Jobs &amp; Oil!

You just cant win with the Fake News Media. A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low, more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation. Sorry everyone!

Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?

79% of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th Circuit. @FoxNews  A terrible, costly and dangerous disgrace. It has become a dumping ground for certain lawyers looking for easy wins and delays. Much talk over dividing up the 9th Circuit into 2 or 3 Circuits. Too big!

There are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan. We will stop them. Catch and Detain! Judicial Activism, by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens, is putting our country in great danger. Not good!

Thank you to President Trump on the Border. No American President has ever done this before. Hector Garza, National Border Patrol Council

are so many opposing view (on Border and Safety) cases filed there, and why are a vast number of those cases overturned. Please study the numbers, they are shocking. We need protection and security - these rulings are making our country unsafe! Very dangerous and unwise!

Sorry Chief Justice John Roberts, but you do indeed have Obama judges, and they have a much different point of view than the people who are charged with the safety of our country. It would be great if the 9th Circuit was indeed an independent judiciary, but if it is why

Great new book out, Mad Politics: Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy by @RealDrGina Loudon. Go out and get your copy today  a great read!

Trump Imitation Syndrome is afflicting the presidents liberal enemies 

Thank you @MGoodwin_NYPost!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Oil prices getting lower. Great! Like a big Tax Cut for America and the World. Enjoy! $54, was just $82. Thank you to Saudi Arabia, but lets go lower!

AMERICA FIRST!

So-called comedian Michelle Wolf bombed so badly last year at the White House Correspondents Dinner that this year, for the first time in decades, they will have an author instead of a comedian. Good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition! Maybe I will go?

I hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the Argentine submarine San Juan brings needed closure to the wonderful families of those brave missing sailors. I look forward to hearing more from my friend President @MauricioMacri in Argentina later this month

The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is what it really looks like - no climbers anymore under our Administration!

We no longer pay Pakistan the $Billions because they would take our money and do nothing for us, Bin Laden being a prime example, Afghanistan being another. They were just one of many countries that take from the United States without giving anything in return. Thats ENDING!

Of course we should have captured Osama Bin Laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just BEFORE the attack on the World Trade Center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan Billions of Dollars &amp; they never told us he was living there. Fools!

@cindyhydesmith loves Mississippi and our Great U.S.A

From day one Rick Scott never wavered. He was a great Governor and will be even a greater Senator in representing the People of Florida. Congratulations to Rick on having waged such a courageous and successful campaign!

Catch and Release is an obsolete term. It is now Catch and Detain. Illegal Immigrants trying to come into the U.S.A., often proudly flying the flag of their nation as they ask for U.S. Asylum, will be detained or turned away. Dems must approve Border Security &amp; Wall NOW!

The Mayor of Tijuana, Mexico, just stated that the City is ill-prepared to handle this many migrants, the backlog could last 6 months. Likewise, the U.S. is ill-prepared for this invasion, and will not stand for it. They are causing crime and big problems in Mexico. Go home!

So funny to see little Adam Schitt (D-CA) talking about the fact that Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker was not approved by the Senate, but not mentioning the fact that Bob Mueller (who is highly conflicted) was not approved by the Senate!

I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews at 2:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!

Incredible to be with our GREAT HEROES today in California. We will always be with you!

Heading to California with @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy, @RepLaMalfa, and @KenCalvert. Look forward to being with our brave Firefighters, First Responders and @FEMA, along with the many brave People of California. We are with you all the way  God Bless you all!

I cant imagine any President having a better or closer relationship with their Vice President then the two of us. Just more FAKE NEWS, the Enemy of the People!

The New York Times did a phony story, as usual, about my relationship with @VP Mike Pence. They made up sources and refused to ask me, the only one that would know, for a quote

Congratulations to Andrew Gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for Governor of the Great State of Florida. He will be a strong Democrat warrior long into the future - a force to reckon with!

I can get Nancy Pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be Speaker of the House. She deserves this victory, she has earned it - but there are those in her party who are trying to take it away. She will win! @TomReedCongress

Thank you @JerryBrownGov. Look forward to joining you and @GavinNewsom tomorrow in California. We are with you!

their countrys flag. Can this be possible? Yes, because it is all a BIG CON, and the American taxpayer is paying for it!

Isnt it ironic that large Caravans of people are marching to our border wanting U.S.A. asylum because they are fearful of being in their country - yet they are proudly waving

Congratulations to Brian Kemp on becoming the new Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams fought brilliantly and hard - she will have a terrific political future! Brian was unrelenting and will become a great Governor for the truly Wonderful People of Georgia!

Congratulations to Ron DeSantis on becoming the new Governor of Florida. Against all odds, he fought &amp; fought &amp; fought, the result being a historic victory. He never gave up and never will. He will be a great Governor!

PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM

People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate, and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House, where the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents

Today in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse, it was my true privilege to award seven extraordinary Americans with the Presidential Medal of Freedom

People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate, and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House, were the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents

It is our sacred duty to support Americas Service Members every single day they wear the uniform  and every day after when they return home as Veterans. Together we will HONOR those who defend us, we will CHERISH those who protect us, and we will celebrate the amazing heroes

Last year, I signed the landmark VA Accountability Act to ensure those who mistreat our Veterans can be held fully accountable. Since my inauguration, we have removed more than 3,600 government employees who were not giving our Vets the care they deserve

It was my great honor to host a @WhiteHouse Conference on Supporting Veterans &amp; Military Families...

To everyone here today who has served our Country in uniform, &amp; to every Veteran &amp; Military family across our land, I want to express the eternal gratitude of our entire Nation!

@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to visit with our GREAT U.S. MARINES at the Marine Barracks here in Washington, D.C. We love you @USMC @MBWDC!

The only Collusion is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others. Why didnt the FBI take the Server from the DNC? They still dont have it. Check out how biased Facebook, Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats. Thats the real Collusion!

Universities will someday study what highly conflicted (and NOT Senate approved) Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people. Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary, Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page &amp; her lover, Peter S, and all of his friends on the other side?

care how many lives the ruin. These are Angry People, including the highly conflicted Bob Mueller, who worked for Obama for 8 years. They wont even look at all of the bad acts and crimes on the other side. A TOTAL WITCH HUNT LIKE NO OTHER IN AMERICAN HISTORY!

The inner workings of the Mueller investigation are a total mess. They have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts. They are screaming and shouting at people, horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want. They are a disgrace to our Nation and dont

The White House is running very smoothly and the results for our Nation are obviously very good. We are the envy of the world. But anytime I even think about making changes, the FAKE NEWS MEDIA goes crazy, always seeking to make us look as bad as possible! Very dishonest!

Our pledge to hire American includes those leaving prison and looking for a very fresh start  new job, and new life. The legislation I am supporting today contains many significant reforms. Read more here:

I am grateful to be here today w/ Members of the House &amp; Senate who have poured their time, heart and energy into the crucial issue of Prison Reform. Working together w/ my Admin over the last two years, these members have reached a bipartisan agreement

Just spoke to Governor Jerry Brown to let him know that we are with him, and the people of California, all the way!

Was just briefed by @FEMA_Brock and @SecretaryZinke, who are in California. Thank you to the great Firefighters, First Responders and @FEMA for the incredible job they are doing w/ the California Wildfires. Our Nation appreciates your heroism, courage &amp; genius. God Bless you all!

Not seen in many years, Americas steelworkers get a hard-earned raise because of my Administrations policies to help bring back the U.S. steel industry, which is critical to our National Security. I will always protect America and its workers!

Boom: Record high business optimism, need for employees at 45-year high

It was my great honor to host a celebration of Diwali, the Hindu Festival of Lights, in the Roosevelt Room at the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. Very, very special people!

Today, we gathered for Diwali, a holiday observed by Buddhists, Sikhs, and Jains throughout the United States &amp; around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family &amp; friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year

Today, we gathered for Diwali, a holiday observed by Buddhists, Sikhs, and Jains throughout the United States &amp; around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family &amp; friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year

We mourn for the lives lost and we pray for the victims of the California Wildfires. I want to thank the Firefighters and First Responders for their incredible courage in the face of grave danger

The story in the New York Times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. We fully know about the sites being discussed, nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal. Just more Fake News. I will be the first to let you know if things go bad!

When will Bill Nelson concede in Florida? The characters running Broward and Palm Beach voting will not be able to find enough votes, too much spotlight on them now!

By the way, when the helicopter couldnt fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airport &amp; big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetery in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!

By the way, when the helicopter couldnt fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airport &amp; big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetary in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!

MAKE FRANCE GREAT AGAIN!

The problem is that Emmanuel suffers from a very low Approval Rating in France, 26%, and an unemployment rate of almost 10%. He was just trying to get onto another subject. By the way, there is no country more Nationalist than France, very proud people-and rightfully so!

On Trade, France makes excellent wine, but so does the U.S. The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U.S. to sell its wines into France, and charges big Tariffs, whereas the U.S. makes it easy for French wines, and charges very small Tariffs. Not fair, must change!

Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U.S., China and Russia. But it was Germany in World Wars One &amp; Two - How did that work out for France? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U.S. came along. Pay for NATO or not!

I just approved an expedited request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of California. Wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on. I am with you all the way. God Bless all of the victims and families affected

Hopefully, Saudi Arabia and OPEC will not be cutting oil production. Oil prices should be much lower based on supply!

American Cable Association has big problems with Comcast. They say that Comcast routinely violates Antitrust Laws. These guys are acting much worse, and have much more potential for damage to consumers, than anything AT&amp;T-Time Warner would do. Charlie Gasparino

The California Fire Fighters, FEMA and  First Responders are amazing and very brave. Thank you and God Bless you all!

The prospect of Presidential Harassment by the Dems is causing the Stock Market big headaches!

The Florida Election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere, and many ballots are missing or forged. An honest vote count is no longer possible-ballots massively infected. Must go with Election Night!

of money spent on protecting other countries, and we get nothing but Trade Deficits and Losses. It is time that these very rich countries either pay the United States for its great military protection, or protect themselves...and Trade must be made FREE and FAIR!

hundreds of billions of dollars, for the great privilege of losing hundreds of billions of dollars with these same countries on trade. I told them that this situation cannot continue - It is, and always has been, ridiculously unfair to the United States. Massive amounts

Just returned from France where much was accomplished in my meetings with World Leaders. Never easy bringing up the fact that the U.S. must be treated fairly, which it hasnt, on both Military and Trade. We pay for LARGE portions of other countries military protection,

Exactly 100 years ago today, on November 11th, 1918, World War I came to an end. We are gathered together, at this hallowed resting place, to pay tribute to the brave Americans who gave their last breath in that mighty struggle

Poland, a great country - Congratulations on the 100th Anniversary of your Independence. I will never forget my time there!

Beautiful ceremony today in Paris commemorating the end of World War One. Many World leaders in attendance. Thank you to @EmmanuelMacron, President of France! Now off to Suresnes American Cemetery to make speech in honor of our great heroes! Then back to the U.S.A

On this Veterans Day  the 100th Anniversary of the end of WWI, we honor the brave HEROES who fought for America in the Great War, and every Veteran who has worn the uniform and kept our Nation Safe, Strong and FREE!

With proper Forest Management, we can stop the devastation constantly going on in California. Get Smart!

These California fires are expanding very, very quickly (in some cases 80-100 acres a minute). If people dont evacuate quickly, they risk being overtaken by the fire. Please listen to evacuation orders from State and local officials!

More than 4,000 are fighting the Camp and Woolsey Fires in California that have burned over 170,000 acres. Our hearts are with those fighting the fires, the 52,000 who have evacuated, and the families of the 11 who have died. The destruction is catastrophic. God Bless them all

Trying to STEAL two big elections in Florida! We are watching closely!

Had very productive meetings and calls for our Country today. Meeting tonight with World Leaders!

Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT U.S. Marine Corps

I am in Paris getting ready to celebrate the end of World War One. Is there anything better to celebrate than the end of a war, in particular that one, which was one of the bloodiest and worst of all time?

There is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor. Billions of dollars are given each year, with so many lives lost, all because of gross mismanagement of the forests. Remedy now, or no more Fed payments!

Mr. Whitaker is very highly thought of by @SenJoniErnst, Senator @ChuckGrassley, Ambassador @TerryBranstad, Leonard Leo of Federalist Society, and many more. I feel certain he will make an outstanding Acting Attorney General!

Matthew G. Whitaker is a highly respected former U.S. Attorney from Iowa. He was chosen by Jeff Sessions to be his Chief of Staff. I did not know Mr. Whitaker. Likewise, as Chief, I did not know Mr. Whitaker except primarily as he traveled with A.G. Sessions. No social contact

President Macron of France has just suggested that Europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the U.S., China and Russia. Very insulting, but perhaps Europe should first pay its fair share of NATO, which the U.S. subsidizes greatly!

Just out  in Arizona, SIGNATURES DONT MATCH. Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election? We must protect our Democracy!

Thank you @marcorubio for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to Election Theft in Broward and Palm Beach Counties. The WORLD is now watching closely!

In the 2016 Election I was winning by so much in Florida that Broward County, which was very late with vote tabulation and probably getting ready to do a number, couldnt do it because not enough people live in Broward for them to falsify a victory!

Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him back into play. Bill Nelson conceded Election - now hes back in play!? This is an embarrassment to our Country and to Democracy!

Rick Scott was up by 50,000+ votes on Election Day, now they found many votes and he is only up 15,000 votes. The Broward Effect. How come they never find Republican votes?

Jeff Flake(y) doesnt want to protect the Non-Senate confirmed Special Counsel, he wants to protect his future after being unelectable in Arizona for the crime of doing a terrible job! A weak and ineffective guy!

As soon as Democrats sent their best Election stealing lawyer, Marc Elias, to Broward County they miraculously started finding Democrat votes. Dont worry, Florida - I am sending much better lawyers to expose the FRAUD!

You mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia  but the Election was on Tuesday? Lets blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin!

@BrianKempGA ran a great race in Georgia  he won. It is time to move on!

Presidential Proclamation Addressing Mass Migration Through the Southern Border of the United States

Law Enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with Election Fraud in #Broward and Palm Beach. Florida voted for Rick Scott!

Great bravery shown by police. California Highway Patrol was on scene within 3 minutes, with first officer to enter shot numerous times. That Sheriffs Sergeant died in the hospital. God bless all of the victims and families of the victims. Thank you to Law Enforcement

I have been fully briefed on the terrible shooting in California. Law Enforcement and First Responders, together with the FBI, are on scene. 13 people, at this time, have been reported dead. Likewise, the shooter is dead, along with the first police officer to enter the bar

We thank Attorney General Jeff Sessions for his service, and wish him well! A permanent replacement will be nominated at a later date

We are pleased to announce that Matthew G. Whitaker, Chief of Staff to Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the Department of Justice, will become our new Acting Attorney General of the United States. He will serve our Country well

According to NBC News, Voters Nationwide Disapprove of the so-called Mueller Investigation (46%) more than they Approve (41%). You mean they are finally beginning to understand what a disgusting Witch Hunt, led by 17 Angry Democrats, is all about!

In all fairness, Nancy Pelosi deserves to be chosen Speaker of the House by the Democrats. If they give her a hard time, perhaps we will add some Republican votes. She has earned this great honor!

If the Democrats think they are going to waste Taxpayer Money investigating us at the House level, then we will likewise be forced to consider investigating them for all of the leaks of Classified Information, and much else, at the Senate level. Two can play that game!

To any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great Midterm Election, just remember two words - FAKE NEWS!

I will be doing a news conference at The White House - 11:30 A.M. Will be discussing our success in the Midterms!

Those that worked with me in this incredible Midterm Election, embracing certain policies and principles, did very well. Those that did not, say goodbye! Yesterday was such a very Big Win, and all under the pressure of a Nasty and Hostile Media!

Ron DeSantis showed great courage in his hard fought campaign to become the Governor of Florida. Congratulations to Ron and family!

Received so many Congratulations from so many on our Big Victory last night, including from foreign nations (friends) that were waiting me out, and hoping, on Trade Deals. Now we can all get back to work and get things done!

@DavidAsmanfox  How do the Democrats respond to this? Think of how his position with Republicans improves-all the candidates who won tonight. They realize how important he is because of what he did in campaigning for them. They owe him their political career. Thanks, I agree!

unbelievably lucky to have him and Im just awed at how well theyve done. Its all the Trump magic - Trump is the magic man. Incredible, hes got the entire media against him, attacking him every day, and he pulls out these enormous wins. Ben Stein, The Capitalist Code

Theres only been 5 times in the last 105 years that an incumbent President has won seats in the Senate in the off year election. Mr. Trump has magic about him. This guy has magic coming out of his ears. He is an astonishing vote getter &amp; campaigner. The Republicans are

Tremendous success tonight. Thank you to all!

Congressman Randy Hultgren (R) of Illinois is doing a great job. Get out and Vote for Randy - Total Endorsement!

Florida, very important - get out and vote for Florida Congressional Candidate Michael Waltz (R). He has my Strong Endorsement!

Epstein all the way in Michigan House 11. She is a wonderful person and, at the same time, a real fighter. Has my Strong Endorsement!

Bob Hugin, successful all of his life, would be a Great Senator from New Jersey. He has my complete and total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Bob

POLLING LOCATIONS:

Congressman Peter King of New York is a hardworking gem. Loves his Country and his State. Get out and VOTE for Peter!

There is a rumor, put out by the Democrats, that Josh Hawley of Missouri left the Arena last night early. It is Fake News. He met me at the plane when I arrived, spoke at the great Rally, &amp; stayed to the very end. In fact, I said goodbye to him and left before he did. Deception!

A fantastic evening in Cape Girardeau, Missouri. Josh @HawleyMO will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs, great on tax cuts, and tough on crime. He shares your values, and he will always support our Military, Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!!

A vote for Claire McCaskill is a vote for Schumer, Pelosi, Waters, and their socialist agenda. Claire voted IN FAVOR of deadly Sanctuary Cities - she would rather protect criminal aliens than American citizens, which is why she needs to be voted out of office. Vote @HawleyMO!

A fantastic evening in Girardeau, Missouri. Josh @HawleyMO will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs, great on tax cuts, and tough on crime. He shares your values, and he will always support our Military, Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!!

You have been loyal and faithful to your Country, and now you have a President that is loyal and faithful to you. Get out tomorrow, and

On my way, see you soon Cape Girardeau, Missouri! #MAGARally

Massive crowd inside and outside the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne, Indiana! Thank you for joining us tonight - and make sure you get out and  tomorrow!

There is only one way to stop this Democrat-Led assault on our sovereignty  you have to VOTE Republican TOMORROW! Polling locations:

Thank you Indiana! A vote for Mike @Braun4Indiana is a vote to keep your jobs going up, your wages going up, and your healthcare costs coming down. Its a vote to keep your families safe &amp; to keep criminals, traffickers &amp; drug dealers OUT of our Country! Get out and for for Mike!

Just landed in Fort Wayne, Indiana for a #MAGARally at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum. See everyone soon!

Republicans have created the best economy in the HISTORY of our Country  and the hottest jobs market on planet earth. The Democrat Agenda is a Socialist Nightmare. The Republican Agenda is the AMERICAN DREAM!

Thank you Ohio! When you enter the voting booth tomorrow you will be making a simple choice. A vote for Republicans is a vote to continue our extraordinary prosperity. A vote for Dems is a vote to bring this Economic Boom crashing to a sudden, screeching halt. Vote @MikeDeWine!

Somethings happening America! Get out tomorrow and  so together, we can KEEP MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!

Bill Nelson is kind of an empty figure in Washington. You never hear his name, hes never in debates on key issues - he is just under the radar. Chris Wallace on @FoxNews  In other words, Nelson is a stiff

Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesdays Election (or Early Voting). Anyone caught will be subject to the Maximum Criminal Penalties allowed by law. Thank you!

REMEMBER FLORIDA: I have been President of the United States for almost two years. During that time Senator Bill Nelson didnt call me once. Rick Scott called constantly requesting dollars plus for Florida. Did a GREAT job on hurricanes. VOTE SCOTT!

So funny to see the CNN Fake Suppression Polls and false rhetoric. Watch for real results Tuesday. We are lucky CNNs ratings are so low. Dont fall for the Suppression Game. Go out &amp; VOTE. Remember, we now have perhaps the greatest Economy (JOBS) in the history of our Country!

I need @claudiatenney of #NY22 to be re-elected in order to get our big plans moving. Her opponent would be a disaster. Nobody works harder than Claudia, and she is a producer. I look forward to working together with her - she has my Strongest Endorsement! Vote Claudia!

No matter what she says, Senator Claire McCaskill will always vote against us and the Great State of Missouri! Vote for Josh Hawley - he will be a great Senator!

If @AndrewGillum did the same job with Florida that he has done in Tallahassee as Mayor, the State will be a crime ridden, overtaxed mess. @RonDeSantisFL will be a great Governor. VOTE!!!!!!

@DebbieStabenow voted against Tax Cuts, great Healthcare, Supreme Court Justices and all of the many things the people of Michigan wanted and need. She is an automatic far left vote, controlled by her bosses. John James can be a truly great Senator!

Dana Rohrabacher has been a great Congressman for his District and for the people of Cal. He works hard and is respected by all - he produces! Dems are desperate to replace Dana by spending vast sums to elect a super liberal who is weak on Crime and bad for our Military &amp; Vets!

John James, running as a Republican for the Senate from Michigan, is a spectacular young star of the future. We should make him a star of the present. A distinguished West Point Grad and Vet, people should Vote Out Schumer Puppet Debbie Stabenow, who does nothing for Michigan!

In just 2 days, the people of Tennessee are going to elect @VoteMarsha Blackburn to the United States Senate to protect your jobs, defend your borders, and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Marsha!

Thank you for joining us tonight in Tennessee, @TheLeeGreenwood. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!

Great to be back in Tennessee. On our way to the McKenzie Arena in Chattanooga for a huge #MAGARally - see everyone soon!

Thank you Macon, Georgia! Get out on Tuesday, November 6th and VOTE for @BrianKempGA as your next Governor to protect your jobs, defend your borders, fight for your values, and continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

On my way to Macon, Georgia where the crowds are massive, for a 4pmE #MAGARally. Will be in Chattanooga, Tennessee tonight, seen below, for a 7pmE rally. Somethings happening! Everyone needs to get out and VOTE!

WOW - Departing the White House shortly. See you soon Georgia! #MAGA

New Fox Poll shows a 40% Approval Rating by African Americans for President Trump, a record for Republicans. Thank you, a great honor!

Unbelievable crowd in Florida tonight. Get out and VOTE! #MAGA

If you want to protect criminal aliens  VOTE DEMOCRAT. If you want to protect Law-Abiding Americans  VOTE REPUBLICAN!

@DannyTarkanian is a great guy and a team player. He will represent his District, State and Country at the highest level. Danny is strong on Military, our Vets, Second Amendment and all of the things that we so strongly stand for. Vote for Danny - he has my Strong Endorsement!

Another fantastic #MAGARally tonight in the Great State of Florida. In just 3 days, the People of Florida are going to elect @ScottforFlorida and @RonDeSantisFL to protect your jobs, defend your BORDERS, and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA  GREAT AGAIN!

Heading to Pensacola, Florida - will be there soon. Amazing lines of people wanting to get in - what a crowd! Is this a sign of Republican Strength on Tuesday?

Governor @DougDucey of Arizona is doing a great job. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Vote for Doug, he has my full and Complete Endorsement!

Lake Okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for Rick Scott, who called endlessly on behalf of the People of Florida. Vote @ScottforFlorida!

In all the time Ive been President, almost two years, never once did Senator Bill Nelson call me to ask for help for the Great State of Florida. I never see him until election time

Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the libertarian ticket. Donnelly is trying to steal the election? Isnt that what Russia did!?

Arizona is such a Great State but it needs Border Security which @MarthaMcSally will provide, and Krysten Sinema doesnt even think about. If it were up to Sinema - drugs, crime and illegal traffic will be flowing into Arizona at an ever increasing pace. Vote for Martha!

If Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi gain the majority, they will try to raise your taxes, restore job-killing regulations, shut down your coal mines and timber mills, take away your healthcare, impose socialism, and ERASE your borders. VOTE for @MattForMontana and @GregForMontana!

Landing in Montana now - at least everybody admits that my lines and crowds are far bigger than Barack Obamas

New York, get out and VOTE for @JohnFasoNy, a great and hardworking Congressman. We need Johns voice in D.C. His opponent just moved to the area - is Pro-Iran and Anti-Israel. Vote for John. Has my Strong Endorsement!

Get out and VOTE for @DeanHeller!

A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanaugh has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didnt become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?

Thank you to @PeteHegseth and @KatiePavlich for your nice, and very wise, statements on the Economy. You both really get it! @foxandfriends

A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanough has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didnt become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?

Heading to Montana and Florida today! Everyone is excited about the Jobs Numbers - 250,000 new jobs in October. Also, wages rising. Wow!

Indiana Rally, and Coach Bobby Knight, were incredible last night. Packed House in Honor of Mike Braun for Senate. Mike will be a GREAT Senator. Dont forget to VOTE!

Congresswoman Maxine Waters was called the most Corrupt Member of Congress! @FoxNews If Dems win, she would be put in charge of our Countrys finances. The beginning of the end!

Scott Perry of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Total Endorsement!

Massive #MAGARallytonight in Indiana, thank you. Everyone get out and

Republicans believe our Country should be a Sanctuary for law-abiding Americans  not criminal aliens. And Republicans will ALWAYS stand with the HEROES of @ICEgov, @CBP, and Law Enforcement!

In just 4 days, the people of Indiana are going to send Mike @braun4indiana to the United States Senate, so we can keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out and VOTE!!

I need the people of West Virginia to send a message to Chuck Schumer, Maxine Waters, Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Democrats by voting for Carol Miller and Patrick Morrisey!

Just landed - will see everyone in Southport, Indiana shortly! #MAGARally

THANK YOU WEST VIRGINIA!

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA

Fantastic #MAGARallyin West Virginia, thank you. Everyone get out and VOTE for Patrick @MorriseyWV and @CarolMillerWV!

Will be going to West Virginia and Indiana today, TWO RALLIES! Dont tell anyone (big secret), but I will be bringing Coach Bobby Knight to Indiana. Hes been a supporter right from the beginning of the Greatest Political Movement in American History!

Wow! The U.S. added 250,000 Jobs in October - and this was despite the hurricanes. Unemployment at 3.7%. Wages UP! These are incredible numbers. Keep it going, Vote Republican!

I love you Missouri! Under Republican leadership, America is BOOMING, America is THRIVING, and America is WINNING - because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST. Get out and VOTE Josh @HawleyMO for the United States Senate! #MAGA

Beautiful evening at a #MAGARally with great American Patriots. Loyal citizens like you helped build this Country and together, we are taking back this Country  returning power to YOU, the AMERICAN PEOPLE. Get out and

Together, we are Making America Safe and Great Again!

On my way to Columbia, Missouri for a #MAGARally. Look forward to seeing everyone soon!

Illegal immigration affects the lives of all Americans. Illegal Immigration hurts American workers, burdens American taxpayers, undermines public safety, and places enormous strain on local schools, hospitals and communities

His opponent, Jared Polis, is weak on crime and weak on borders  could never do the job. Get out and VOTE  Walker has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

@WalkerStapleton will be an extraordinary Governor for the State of Colorado. He is strong, smart, and has been successful at everything he has ever done

Thank you to Rick Breckenridge and congratulations to Matt Rosendale (@MattForMontana). This is very big - see you in Montana on Saturday! Tickets:

Just had a long and very good conversation with President Xi Jinping of China. We talked about many subjects, with a heavy emphasis on Trade. Those discussions are moving along nicely with meetings being scheduled at the G-20 in Argentina. Also had good discussion on North Korea!

Thats because they treat me fairly!
@FoxNews tops @CNN and @MSNBC combined in October cable news ratings

Fantastic evening in Florida with great PATRIOTS at a beautiful #MAGARally. Get out and  so we can continue MAKING AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!

THANK YOU FLORIDA! Get out and VOTE Republican! #MAGA

It is outrageous what the Democrats are doing to our Country. Vote Republican now!

#JOBSNOTMOBS! VOTE REPUBLICAN NOW!!

Yesterday in Pittsburgh I was really impressed with Congressman Keith Rothfus (far more so than any other local political figure). His sincere level of compassion, grief and sorrow for the events that took place was, in its own way, very inspiring. Vote for Keith!

Harry Reid, when he was sane, agreed with us on Birthright Citizenship!

Paul Ryan should be focusing on holding the Majority rather than giving his opinions on Birthright Citizenship, something he knows nothing about! Our new Republican Majority will work on this, Closing the Immigration Loopholes and Securing our Border!

Republicans will protect people with pre-existing conditions far better than the Dems!

Donald Trump has made good on his promises, and it drives Democrats Crazy! Brad Blakeman @FoxNews

The World is using our laws to our detriment. They laugh at the Stupidity they see!

Harry Reid was right in 1993, before he and the Democrats went insane and started with the Open Borders (which brings massive Crime) stuff. Dont forget the nasty term Anchor Babies. I will keep our Country safe. This case will be settled by the United States Supreme Court!

So-called Birthright Citizenship, which costs our Country billions of dollars and is very unfair to our citizens, will be ended one way or the other. It is not covered by the 14th Amendment because of the words subject to the jurisdiction thereof. Many legal scholars agree

Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad &amp; solemn day. We were treated so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us, staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful!

Stock Market up more than 400 points yesterday. Today looks to be another good one. Companies earnings are great!

Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad and solemn day. We were treaty so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us, staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful!

Our military is being mobilized at the Southern Border. Many more troops coming. We will NOT let these Caravans, which are also made up of some very bad thugs and gang members, into the U.S. Our Border is sacred, must come in legally. TURN AROUND!

The Caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people. Fought back hard and viciously against Mexico at Northern Border before breaking through. Mexican soldiers hurt, were unable, or unwilling to stop Caravan. Should stop them before they reach our Border, but wont!

Congressman @KevinYoder has fought hard for the People of Kansas. Highly respected, strong on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Kevin has my Total Endorsement!

@MikeDeWine will be a great Governor for the People of Ohio. He is an outstanding man who loves his State  and always produces big

Richard Cordray will let you down, just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran. Clone of Pocahontas, thats not for Ohio. Mike has my Total Endorsement!

Just out: Consumer Confidence hits highest level since 2000

If the Fed backs off and starts talking a little more Dovish, I think were going to be right back to our 2,800 to 2,900 target range that weve had for the S&amp;P 500. Scott Wren, Wells Fargo

The Stock Market is up massively since the Election, but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms. If you want your Stocks to go down, I strongly suggest voting Democrat. They like the Venezuela financial model, High Taxes &amp; Open Borders!

Congressman Kevin Brady of Texas is so popular in his District, and far beyond, that he doesnt need any help - but I am giving it to him anyway. He is a great guy and the absolute King of Cutting Taxes. Highly respected by all, he loves his State &amp; Country. Strong Endorsement!

Congressman Andy Barr of Kentucky, who just had a great debate with his Nancy Pelosi run opponent, has been a winner for his State. Strong on Crime, the Border, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment, we need Andy in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!

@Erik_Paulsen, @Jason2CD, 
@JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done. We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!

Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is a fighter who is doing a great job for Virginia and for our Country. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment and all else. We need Dave in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!

@Erik_Paulsen, @Jason2CD, 
@JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!

Congresswoman @cathymcmorris of Washington State is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in Congress. We need her badly in D.C. to keep building on #MAGA. She has my Strong Endorsement!

Congressman @RodBlum of Iowa got a desperately needed Flood Wall for Cedar Rapids that was almost impossible to get. He makes a BIG difference for Iowa! Border, Military, Vets etc. We need Rod in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!

@Denver4VA of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!

@ErikPaulson, @JasonLewis, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!

Congressman @DenverRiggleman of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!

@Troy_Balderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!

@troybalderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!

So Revealing!

I will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham  tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews

Check out tweets from last two days. I refer to Fake News Media when mentioning Enemy of the People - but dishonest reporters use only the word Media. The people of our Great Country are angry and disillusioned at receiving so much Fake News. They get it, and fully understand!

CNN and others in the Fake News Business keep purposely and inaccurately reporting that I said the Media is the Enemy of the People. Wrong! I said that the Fake News (Media) is the Enemy of the People, a very big difference. When you give out false information - not good!

Great job being done by Congressman Keith Rothfus of Pennsylvania. Thank you Keith!

In Florida there is a choice between a Harvard/Yale educated man named @RonDeSantisFL who has been a great Congressman and will be a great Governor - and a Dem who is a thief and who is Mayor of poorly run Tallahassee, said to be one of the most corrupt cities in the Country!

Many Gang Members and some very bad people are mixed into the Caravan heading to our Southern Border. Please go back, you will not be admitted into the United States unless you go through the legal process. This is an invasion of our Country and our Military is waiting for you!

Had a very good conversation with the newly elected President of Brazil, Jair Bolsonaro, who won his race by a substantial margin. We agreed that Brazil and the United States will work closely together on Trade, Military and everything else! Excellent call, wished him congrats!

of Anger and Outrage and we will then be able to bring all sides together in Peace and Harmony. Fake News Must End!

There is great anger in our Country caused in part by inaccurate, and even fraudulent, reporting of the news. The Fake News Media, the true Enemy of the People, must stop the open &amp; obvious hostility &amp; report the news accurately &amp; fairly. That will do much to put out the flame

The Fake News is doing everything in their power to blame Republicans, Conservatives and me for the division and hatred that has been going on for so long in our Country. Actually, it is their Fake &amp; Dishonest reporting which is causing problems far greater than they understand!

Just watched Wacky Tom Steyer, who I have not seen in action before, be interviewed by @jaketapper. He comes off as a crazed &amp; stumbling lunatic who should be running out of money pretty soon. As bad as their field is, if he is running for President, the Dems will eat him alive!

Thank you to Steve Rogers, FBI Joint Terror Task Force (Ret), for his very kind and generous remarks about me and my relationship to Law Enforcement. @JudgeJeanine

Very interesting!

Watching the Dodgers/Red Sox final innings. It is amazing how a manager takes out a pitcher who is loose &amp; dominating through almost 7 innings, Rich Hill of Dodgers, and brings in nervous reliever(s) who get shellacked. 4 run lead gone. Managers do it all the time, big mistake!

All of America is in mourning over the mass murder of Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. We pray for those who perished and their loved ones, and our hearts go out to the brave police officers who sustained serious injuries

This evil Anti-Semitic attack is an assault on humanity. It will take all of us working together to extract the poison of Anti-Semitism from our world. We must unite to conquer hate

As you know, earlier today there was a horrific shooting targeting and killing Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The shooter is in custody, and federal authorities have been dispatched to support state and local police

Events in Pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought. Spoke with Mayor and Governor to inform them that the Federal Government has been, and will be, with them all the way. I will speak to the media shortly and make further statement at Future Farmers of America

Watching the events unfolding in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Law enforcement on the scene. People in Squirrel Hill area should remain sheltered. Looks like multiple fatalities. Beware of active shooter. God Bless All!

#Walkaway  Walkaway from the Democrat Party movement marches today in D.C. Congratulations to Brandon Straka for starting something very special. @foxandfriends

Budd and Mark, two great patriots for Congress!

Martha McSally is a great warrior, her opponent a Nancy Pelosi Wacko!

Thank you Charlie!

Good luck Mary!

A big change is coming - dont want the Dems anymore!

Trump Thunders at Media for Smearing His Supporters after Bomb Scares  via @BreitbartNews

Fantastic evening in Charlotte, North Carolina with great PATRIOTS. Get out and VOTE for @buddforcongress and @MarkHarrisNC9!  #MAGARally replay:

If you meet every day with optimism  if you confront every obstacle with determination  if you refuse to give up, if you never quit, if you face every challenge with confidence and pride  then there is no goal you cannot achieve, and no dream beyond your reach! #YBLS2018

It was my great honor, thank you!

Whether you are African-American, Hispanic-American or ANY AMERICAN at all  you have the right to live in a Country that puts YOUR NEEDS FIRST!

It is my great honor to be with so many brilliant, courageous, patriotic, and PROUD AMERICANS. Seeing all of you here today fills me with extraordinary confidence in Americas future. Each of you is taking part in the Young Black Leadership Summit because you are true leaders

I want to applaud the FBI, Secret Service, Department of Justice, the U.S. Attorneys Office for the Southern District of New York, the NYPD, and all Law Enforcement partners across the Country for their incredible work, skill and determination!

I would like to begin todays remarks by providing an update on the packages and devices that have been mailed to high-profile figures throughout our Country, and a media org. I am pleased to inform you that law enforcement has apprehended the suspect and taken him into custody

I will be speaking at the Young Black Leadership Summit in 15 minutes where I will address the investigation into the bomb packages

Republicans are doing so well in early voting, and at the polls, and now this Bomb stuff happens and the momentum greatly slows - news not talking politics. Very unfortunate, what is going on. Republicans, go out and vote!

Twitter has removed many people from my account and, more importantly, they have seemingly done something that makes it much harder to join - they have stifled growth to a point where it is obvious to all. A few weeks ago it was a Rocket Ship, now it is a Blimp! Total Bias?

The United States has been spending Billions of Dollars a year on Illegal Immigration. This will not continue. Democrats must give us the votes to pass strong (but fair) laws. If not, we will be forced to play a much tougher hand

Funny how lowly rated CNN, and others, can criticize me at will, even blaming me for the current spate of Bombs and ridiculously comparing this to September 11th and the Oklahoma City bombing, yet when I criticize them they go wild and scream, its just not Presidential!

The Service Members who died that day included brave young Marines just out of high school, accomplished officers in the middle of their military careers, and enlisted men who had served in theaters all over the world

In 1983, roughly 1,800 Marines were in Beirut to keep the peace in a Nation torn apart by Civil War. Terrorists had bombed the U.S. Embassy earlier that year, killing 63 people, including 17 Americans

We are gathered together on this solemn occasion to fulfill our most reverent and sacred duty. 35 years ago, 241 American service members were murdered in the terrorist attack on our Marine Barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. Today, we honor our fallen heroes

@BrucePoliquin from Maine is a great Congressman. He is in a tough fight against a very liberal Nancy Pelosi Democrat. Bruce has helped bring JOBS back to his State and totally protects your Great Second Amendment. We need to keep Bruce in Washington. He has my Full Endorsement!

@MikeDunleavyGov will make a fantastic Governor of Alaska. Mike is for Energy and Jobs, is tough on Crime, loves our Vets and our Great Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

@LloydSmuckerPA is doing a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. Lloyd has my Total Endorsement!

@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is doing a great job as your Congressman, already very respected in Washington. Get out and VOTE for Troy - we need him  great guy  has my Total Endorsement!

@JohnChrin of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for #MAGA and loves the Great State of Pennsylvania. Please get out and vote for John, he has my Total and very Strong Endorsement!

I agree with their stance 100%, and the United States is likewise taking a very hard line on illegal immigration. The Prime Minister is working very hard on the economy of Italy - he will be successful!

Just spoke with Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy concerning many subjects, including the fact that Italy is now taking a very hard line on illegal immigration

Spoke with French President @EmmanuelMacron this morning. Discussed many topics including the very exciting upcoming visit to Paris where @FLOTUS Melania and I will attend the Armistice Day Centennial Commemoration!

To those in the Caravan, turnaround, we are not letting people into the United States illegally. Go back to your Country and if you want, apply for citizenship like millions of others are doing!

Remarks by President Trump on a Year of Historic Progress and Action to Combat the Opioid Crisis

The New York Times has a new Fake Story that now the Russians and Chinese (glad they finally added China) are listening to all of my calls on cellphones. Except that I rarely use a cellphone, &amp; when I do its government authorized. I like Hard Lines. Just more made up Fake News!

A very big part of the Anger we see today in our society is caused by the purposely false and inaccurate reporting of the Mainstream Media that I refer to as Fake News. It has gotten so bad and hateful that it is beyond description. Mainstream Media must clean up its act, FAST!

Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council is right when he says on @foxandfriends that the Democrat inspired laws make it tough for us to stop people at the Border. MUST BE CHANDED, but I am bringing out the military for this National Emergency. They will be stopped!

The so-called experts on Trump over at the New York Times wrote a long and boring article on my cellphone usage that is so incorrect I do not have time here to correct it. I only use Government Phones, and have only one seldom used government cell phone. Story is soooo wrong!

Just leaving Wisconsin. @ScottWalker and @LeahVukmir are fantastic people, badly needed for our Country! #MAGA

Just arrived in Wisconsin to help two great people, @ScottWalker and @LeahVukmir!

The safety of the American People is my highest priority. I have just concluded a briefing with the FBI, Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Secret Service

I agree wholeheartedly!

Republicans will totally protect people with Pre-Existing Conditions, Democrats will not! Vote Republican

Brian Kemp will be a GREAT Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams will destroy the State. Sooooo important, get out and VOTE for Brian!

We are a great Sovereign Nation. We have Strong Borders and will never accept people coming into our Country illegally!

For those who want and advocate for illegal immigration, just take a good look at what has happened to Europe over the last 5 years. A total mess! They only wish they had that decision to make over again

I agree with President Obama 100%!

Billions of dollars are, and will be, coming into United States coffers because of Tariffs. Great also for negotiations - if a country wont give us a fair Trade Deal, we will institute Tariffs on them. Used or not, jobs and businesses will be created. U.S. respected again!

#JobsNotMobs

Congressman John Faso of New York has worked hard and smart. Strong on Crime, Borders and our 2nd Amendment, John is respected by all. Vote for John. He has my complete and total Endorsement!

The people of Puerto Rico are wonderful but the inept politicians are trying to use the massive and ridiculously high amounts of hurricane/disaster funding to pay off other obligations. The U.S. will NOT  bail out long outstanding &amp; unpaid obligations with hurricane relief money!

Jay Webber of New Jersey, running for Congress, is doing a great job against a person who is looking to raise Taxes substantially. Jay wants big Tax Cuts and Changes. A Harvard graduate and father of seven, Jay will be great for New Jersey and get the job done-and I will help!

Congressman Erik Paulsen of the Great State of Minnesota has done a fantastic job in cutting Taxes and Job Killing Regulations. Hard working and very smart. Keep Erik in Congress. He has my Strong Endorsement!

We send our deepest condolences to @RepLouBarletta and the entire Barletta family, on the passing of his brother. Lou has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with Lou and the entire Barletta family!

Todays Democrat Party would rather protect criminal aliens than AMERICAN CITIZENS - which is why the Democrats must be voted OUT of OFFICE! #JobsNotMobs

At stake in this Election is whether we continue the extraordinary prosperity we have achieved - or whether we let the Radical Democrat Mob take a giant wrecking ball to our Country and our Economy! #JobsNotMobs

We send our deepest condolences to Lou and the entire Barletta family - he has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with you Lou!

THANK YOU HOUSTON, TEXAS. Get out and  #JobsNotMobs

Massive crowds inside and outside of the @ToyotaCenter in Houston, Texas. Landing shortly - see everyone soon! #MAGA

Lets go FLORIDA!

Last day to register to VOTE in Alabama, California, South Dakota and Wyoming! #JobsNotMobs

WOW - thank you Houston, Texas! I am departing @Andrews_JBA now. See you in a few hours!! #MAGA

The Fake News Media has been talking about recent approval ratings of me by countries around the world, including the European Union, as being very low

I say of course theyre low - because for the first time in 50 years I am making them pay a big price for doing business with America. Why should they like me?  But I still like them!

America: the Cleanest Air in the World - BY FAR!

Shock report: US paying more for illegal immigrant births than Trumps wall

Big Night In Texas!!!!

Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador were not able to do the job of stopping people from leaving their country and coming illegally to the U.S. We will now begin cutting off, or substantially reducing, the massive foreign aid routinely given to them

Every time you see a Caravan, or people illegally coming, or attempting to come, into our Country illegally, think of and blame the Democrats for not giving us the votes to change our pathetic Immigration Laws! Remember the Midterms! So unfair to those who come in legally

Sadly, it looks like Mexicos Police and Military are unable to stop the Caravan heading to the Southern Border of the United States. Criminals and unknown Middle Easterners are mixed in. I have alerted Border Patrol and Military that this is a National Emergy. Must change laws!

Congressman Tom Reed of New Yorks 23rd District has done a great job. He has my complete and total Endorsement!

Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis had a great debate victory tonight against Andrew Gillum, a mayor who presides over one of the worst run, and most corrupt, cities in Florida. Ron will build on the great job done by Governor Rick Scott. Gillum will make Florida the next Venezuela!

Facebook has just stated that they are setting up a system to purge themselves of Fake News. Does that mean CNN will finally be put out of business?

Best Jobs Numbers in the history of our great Country! Many other things likewise. So why wouldnt we win the Midterms? Dems can never do even nearly as well! Think of what will happen to your now beautiful 401-ks!

The Caravans are a disgrace to the Democrat Party. Change the immigration laws NOW!

Full efforts are being made to stop the onslaught of illegal aliens from crossing our Souther Border. People have to apply for asylum in Mexico first, and if they fail to do that, the U.S. will turn them away. The courts are asking the U.S. to do things that are not doable!

Watched North Dakotas Rep. Kevin Cramer easily win debate with Senator Heidi Heitkamp. Great job Kevin, you will be a great Senator!

All levels of government and Law Enforcement are watching carefully for VOTER FRAUD, including during EARLY VOTING. Cheat at your own peril. Violators will be subject to maximum penalties, both civil and criminal!

Beautiful afternoon in Elko, Nevada. Thank you! Get out and VOTE TODAY!! #MAGA#JobsNotMobs

Heading to Nevada to help a man who has become a good friend, Senator Dean Heller. He is all about #MAGA and I need his Help and Talent in Washington. Also, Adam Laxalt will be a GREAT GOVERNOR, and has my complete and total Endorsement. Winners Both!

Leaving Arizona after a fantastic Rally last night, in Mesa, honoring, and for, Martha @RepMcSally McSally. She is an inspiration &amp; will be a GREAT SENATOR for the people of Arizona. Her opponent is a Nancy Pelosi puppet, really bad for State. Early Voting NOW! Will be back soon

Rick Scott is known as easily one of the best Governors in the USA. Florida is setting records in almost every category of success. Amazing achievement-the envy of the World. Ron DeSantis will build on this success. His incompetent opponent will destroy Florida - next Venezuela!

Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis is working hard. A great Congressman and top student at Harvard &amp; Yale, Ron will be a record setting governor for Florida. Rick Scott gave him tremendous foundations to further build on. His opponent runs one of the worst &amp; most corrupt cities in USA!

Get out and Early Vote for Brian Kemp. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR for the State of Georgia!

Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp will be a great governor. He has been successful at whatever he has done, and has prepared for this very difficult and complex job for many years. He has my Strong Endorsement. His opponent is totally unqualified. Would destroy a great state!

If the Democrats would stop being obstructionists and come together, we could write up and agree to new immigration laws in less than one hour. Look at the needless  pain and suffering that they are causing. Look at the horrors taking place on the Border. Chuck &amp; Nancy, call me!

Beautiful evening in Mesa, Arizona with GREAT PATRIOTS - thank you!  #MAGARallyreplay:

This was outside of the massive totally full hangar tonight in Mesa, Arizona!  #MAGA

On my way - see you all shortly!

WOW - Mesa, Arizona! Look forward to joining everyone soon. Somethings happening!! #MAGA

This is what it is all about for the Republican Party! #JobsNotMobs

#JobsNotMobs!

Beto ORourke is a total lightweight compared to Ted Cruz, and he comes nowhere near representing the values and desires of the people of the Great State of Texas. He will never be allowed to turn Texas into Venezuela!

Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was never given or shown a Transcript or Video of the Saudi Consulate event. FAKE NEWS!

When referring to the USA, I will always capitalize the word Country!

Congressman Andy Biggs is doing a great job for Arizona and our Country!

#JobsNotMobs!

Jon Tester says one thing to voters and does the EXACT OPPOSITE in Washington. Tester takes his orders form Pelosi &amp; Schumer. Tester wants to raise your taxes, take away your 2A, open your borders, and deliver MOB RULE. Retire Tester &amp; Elect America-First Patriot Matt Rosendale!

Thank you Missoula, Montana. Get out and VOTE for @MattForMontana and @GregForMontana!! #MAGA

The only thing keeping Tester alive is he has millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and leftists, who couldnt care less about our Country!

Will be landing soon. Looking forward to seeing our next Senator from Montana, Matt Rosendale. He will represent our Country well, far better than Jon Tester who will vote with Cryin Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi - never with us!

Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan has been working with me to help balance out the one-sided Trade with Japan. These are some of the investments they are making in our Country - just the beginning!

Thank you Mexico, we look forward to working with you!

Look forward to being there. Somethings happening! #MAGA

Can you believe this, and what Democrats are allowing to be done to our Country?

All Republicans support people with pre-existing conditions, and if they dont, they will after I speak to them. I am in total support. Also, Democrats will destroy your Medicare, and I will keep it healthy and well!

See you tonight Missoula, Montana! #MAGARally

@StateDept @SecPompeo outside of the West Wing after our meeting this morning in the Oval Office

Secretary of State Mike Pompeo returned last night from Saudi Arabia and Turkey. I met with him this morning wherein the Saudi situation was discussed in great detail, including his meeting with

the Crown Prince. He is waiting for the results of the investigations being done by the Saudis and Turkey, and just gave a news conference to that effect

Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is one of the hardest working, and smartest, people in Washington. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for MAGA and loves the Great State of Virginia. Dave has my Total Endorsement!

The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA. Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border. All Democrats fault for weak laws!

In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught - and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!

I am watching the Democrat Party led (because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws) assault on our country by Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people, INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS, from entering Mexico to U.S

Ever since his vicious and totally false statements about Admiral Ron Jackson, the highly respected White House Doctor for Obama, Bush &amp; me, Senator John Tester looks to be in big trouble in the Great State of Montana! He behaved worse than the Democrat Mob did with Justice K!

This afternoon, it was my great honor to present @USMC Sergeant Major John Canley the Medal of Honor in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse!

Congressman Neal Dunn (@DunnCampaign) of Florida has done an outstanding job at everything having to do with #MAGA. Now working hard on hurricane relief and rebuild. Strong on Crime, strong on Borders, loves our Military and our Vets. Neal has my highest Endorsement!

College educated women want safety, security and healthcare protections  very much along with financial and economic health for themselves and our Country. I supply all of this far better than any Democrat (for decades, actually). Thats why they will be voting for me!

President Donald J. Trump is Following Through on His Promise to Cut Burdensome Red Tape and Unleash the American Economy
Read more:

Republicans must make the horrendous, weak and outdated immigration laws, and the Border, a part of the Midterms!

Hard to believe that with thousands of people from South of the Border, walking unimpeded toward our country in the form of large Caravans, that the Democrats wont approve legislation that will allow laws for the protection of our country. Great Midterm issue for Republicans!

Network News gave Zero coverage to the Big Day the Stock Market had yesterday. @foxandfriends

August job openings hit a record 7.14 million. Congratulations USA!

AP headline was very different from my quote and meaning in the story. They just cant help themselves. FAKE NEWS!

Ted Cruz has done so much for Texas, including massive cuts in taxes and regulations - which has brought Texas to the best jobs numbers in the history of the state. He watches carefully over your 2nd Amendment. ORourke would blow it all! Ted has long had my Strong Endorsement!

Watched the debate last night &amp; Beto ORourke, who wants higher taxes and far more regulations, is not in the same league with Ted Cruz &amp; what the great people of Texas stand for &amp; want. Ted is strong on Crime, Border &amp; 2nd A, loves our Military, Vets, Low Taxes. Beto is a Flake!

Trump could be the most honest president in modern history. When you look at the real barometer of presidential truthfulness, which is promise keeping, he is probably the most honest president in American history. Hes done exactly what he said he would do. Marc Thiessen, WPost

Stock Market up 548 points today. Also, GREAT jobs numbers!

Elizabeth Warren is being hammered, even by the Left. Her false claim of Indian heritage is only selling to VERY LOW I.Q. individuals!

Anybody entering the United States illegally will be arrested and detained, prior to being sent back to their country!

We have today informed the countries of Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador that if they allow their citizens, or others, to journey through their borders and up to the United States, with the intention of entering our country illegally, all payments made to them will STOP (END)!

I will be interviewed tonight by Trish Regan on @FoxBusiness at 8:00 P.M., right after the great Lou Dobbs!

WOW, John James is making headway in Michigan. We are bringing jobs back to the State, and the People of Michigan appreciate it. Debbie Stabenow has been no help, if anything, a major hindrance. John James is a star, I hope the voters see it. Polls are tightening!

during the call, and told me that he has already started, and will rapidly expand, a full and complete investigation into this matter. Answers will be forthcoming shortly

Just spoke with the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia who totally denied any knowledge of what took place in their Turkish Consulate. He was with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo

REGISTER TO  #MAGA

Is it really possible that Bruce Ohr, whose wife Nellie was paid by Simpson and GPS Fusion for work done on the Fake Dossier, and who was used as a Pawn in this whole SCAM (WITCH HUNT), is still working for the Department of Justice????? Can this really be so?????

Conflict between Glen Simpsons testimony to another House Panel about his contact with Justice Department official Bruce Ohr. Ohr was used by Simpson and Steele as a Back Channel to get (FAKE) Dossier to FBI. Simpson pleading Fifth. Catherine Herridge. Where is Jeff Sessions?

Federal Judge throws out Stormy Danials lawsuit versus Trump. Trump is entitled to full legal fees. @FoxNews Great, now I can go after Horseface and her 3rd rate lawyer in the Great State of Texas. She will confirm the letter she signed! She knows nothing about me, a total con!

Incredible number just out, 7,036,000 job openings. Astonishing - its all working! Stock Market up big on tremendous potential of USA. Also, Strong Profits. We are Number One in World, by far!

For the record, I have no financial interests in Saudi Arabia (or Russia, for that matter). Any suggestion that I have is just more FAKE NEWS (of which there is plenty)!

8X more new manufacturing jobs now than with Obama. @FoxNews  @cvpayne

The United States has strongly informed the President of Honduras that if the large Caravan of people heading to the U.S. is not stopped and brought back to Honduras, no more money or aid will be given to Honduras, effective immediately!

Op-Ed praises Trump Administrations efforts at the Border. @FoxNews  The  Washington Examiner States, Finally, the government has taken steps to stop releasing unaccompanied minors to criminals and traffickers. This was done by the Obama Administration!

Thank you to the Cherokee Nation for revealing that Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, is a complete and total Fraud!

Now that her claims of being of Indian heritage have turned out to be a scam and a lie, Elizabeth Warren should apologize for perpetrating this fraud against the American Public. Harvard called her a person of color (amazing con), and would not have taken her otherwise!

Pocahontas (the bad version), sometimes referred to as Elizabeth Warren, is getting slammed. She took a bogus DNA test and it showed that she may be 1/1024, far less than the average American. Now Cherokee Nation denies her, DNA test is useless. Even they dont want her. Phony!

TOGETHER, WE WILL PREVAIL!

Open enrollment starts today on lower-priced Medicare Advantage plans so loved by our great seniors. Crazy Bernie and his band of Congressional Dems will outlaw these plans. Disaster!

Just arrived in Florida. Also thinking about our GREAT Alabama farmers and our many friends in North and South Carolina today. We are with you!

On our way to Florida and Georgia!

Just spoke to the King of Saudi Arabia who denies any knowledge of whatever may have happened to our Saudi Arabian citizen. He said that they are working closely with Turkey to find answer. I am immediately sending our Secretary of State to meet with King!

Will be leaving for Florida and Georgia with the First Lady to tour the hurricane damage and visit with FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement. Maximum effort is taking place, everyone is working very hard. Worst hit in 50 years!

The crowds at my Rallies are far bigger than they have ever been before, including the 2016 election. Never an empty seat in these large venues, many thousands of people watching screens outside. Enthusiasm &amp; Spirit is through the roof. SOMETHING BIG IS HAPPENING - WATCH!

The only way to shut down the Democrats new Mob Rule strategy is to stop them cold at the Ballot Box. The fight for Americas future is never over! Ben Shapiro

Thank you to NBC for the correction!

Thank you!

I will be interviewed on 60 Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M., after NFL game. Enjoy!

Will be interviewed tonight by @LesleyRStahl on @60Minutes @CBSNews at 7:30 P.M. Eastern. Enjoy!

Princess Eugenie of York was a truly beautiful bride yesterday. She has been through so much, and has come out a total winner!

NBC News has totally and purposely changed the point and  meaning of my story about General Robert E Lee and General Ulysses Grant. Was actually a shoutout to warrior Grant and the great state in which he was born. As usual, dishonest reporting. Even mainstream media embarrassed!

Congratulations to Tucker Carlson on the great success of his book, Ship of Fools. It just went to NUMBER ONE!

Big day! Pastor Andrew Brunson, who could have spent 35 years in a Turkish prison, was returned safely home to his family today. Met in Oval Office, great people! Then off to Kentucky for a Rally for Congressman Andy Barr. Tremendous crowd &amp; spirit! Just returned to White House

Thank you Kentucky! #MAGA

On my way to Richmond, Kentucky for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally at 7:00pmE. The crowds are once again, massive. See everyone in a couple of hours! #MAGA

WELCOME HOME PASTOR ANDREW BRUNSON!

Heading to the Great State of Kentucky - Big Rally for Congressman Andy Barr - Fantastic guy, need his vote for MAGA! Strong on Crime, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets &amp; 2nd A. His opponent will NEVER vote for us, only for Pelosi. Andy has my Strongest Endorsement!!! See you in Kentucky

Highly respected Congressman Keith Rothfus (R) of Pennsylvania is in the fight of his life because the Dems changed the District Map. He must win. Strong on crime, borders, big tax &amp; reg cuts, Military &amp; Vets. Opponent Lamb a Pelosi puppet-weak on crime. BIG ENDORSEMENT FOR KEITH

From a Turkish prison to the White House in 24 hours.  Kristin Fisher of @FoxNews   Very cool!

There was NO DEAL made with Turkey for the release and return of Pastor Andrew Brunson. I dont make deals for hostages. There was, however, great appreciation on behalf of the United States, which will lead to good, perhaps great, relations between the United States &amp; Turkey!

Pastor Andrew Brunson, released by Turkey, will be with me in the Oval Office at 2:30 P.M. (this afternoon). It will be wonderful to see and meet him. He is a great Christian who has been through such a tough experience. I would like to thank President @RT_Erdogan for his help!

Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #243NavyBday

Beautiful MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Lebanon, Ohio. Thank you! #ICYMI, watch here:

The GREAT football (and lacrosse) player, Jim Brown outside the West Wing of the @WhiteHouse. He is also a tremendous man and mentor to many young people!

Happy #NationalFarmersDay! With the recent #USMCA our GREAT FARMERS will do better than ever before!!

Dont miss our GREAT @FLOTUS, Melania, on @ABC @ABC2020 tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy!

People have no idea how hard Hurricane Michael has hit the great state of Georgia. I will be visiting both Florida and Georgia early next week. We are working very hard on every area and every state that was hit - we are with you!

PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT!

REGISTER TO VOTE!

PASTOR BRUNSON JUST RELEASED. WILL BE HOME SOON!

My thoughts and prayers are with Pastor Brunson, and we hope to have him safely back home soon!

So nice, everyone wants Ivanka Trump to be the new United Nations Ambassador. She would be incredible, but I can already hear the chants of Nepotism! We have great people that want the job

Working very hard on Pastor Brunson!

Florida Highway Patrol Troopers are all en route to the Panhandle, from all across the state of Florida - to help those affected by #HurricaneMichael. If you see them, be sure to shake their hands and say THANK YOU! #LESM

Thank you to @FEMA and all First Responders! #HurricaneMichael

Thank you Jacksonville Sheriffs Office! #HurricaneMichael

Massive overflow crowd tonight in Erie, Pennsylvania. THANK YOU to everyone who came out and joined us. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Remember to get out and VOTE! #MAGA

Couldnt let these great people down. They have been lined up since last night - see you soon Pennsylvania!

Departing the @WhiteHouse for Erie, Pennsylvania. I cannot disappoint the thousands of people that are there - and the thousands that are going. I look forward to seeing everyone this evening

We are with you Florida!

Despite so many positive events and victories, Media Reseach Center reports that 92% of stories on Donald Trump are negative on ABC, CBS and ABC. It is FAKE NEWS! Dont worry, the Failing New York Times didnt even put the Brett Kavanaugh victory on the Front Page yesterday-A17!

Walker Stapleton is running as the highly respected Republican Candidate for Governor of the Great State of Colorado. His credentials and talents are impeccable. He has my complete and total Endorsement!

THANK YOU IOWA &amp; NEBRASKA! VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!

Beautiful evening in Iowa. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA

@FLGovScott has been relentless in securing the funding to fix the algae problem from Lake Okeechobee - we will solve this! Congress must follow through on the Governments plan on the Everglades Reservoir. Bill Nelson has been no help!

President Donald J. Trump Approves Florida Emergency Declaration

REGISTER TO VOTE!

FLORIDA - It is imperative that you heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE! 
#HurricaneMichael

Looks to be a Cat. 3 which is even more intense than Florence. Good news is, the folks in the Pan Handle can take care of anything. @FEMA and First Responders are ready - be prepared! #HurricaneMichael

Hurricane on its way to the Florida Pan Handle with major elements arriving tomorrow. Could also hit, in later stage, parts of Georgia, and unfortunately North Carolina, and South Carolina, again

Big announcement with my friend Ambassador Nikki Haley in the Oval Office at 10:30am

Will be going to Iowa tonight for Rally, and more! The Farmers (and all) are very happy with USMCA!

Great evening last night at the White House honoring Justice Kavanaugh and family. Our country is very proud of them!

The paid D.C. protesters are now ready to REALLY protest because they havent gotten their checks - in other words, they werent paid! Screamers in Congress, and outside, were far too obvious - less professional than anticipated by those paying (or not paying) the bills!

Great to see @AGPamBondi launch a cutting-edge statewide school safety APP in Florida today - named by Parkland Survivors. BIG PRIORITY and Florida is getting it done! #FortifyFL

Every day, our police officers race into darkened allies, deserted streets, &amp; onto the doorsteps of the most hardened criminals. They see the worst of humanity &amp; they respond with the best of the American Spirit. Americas LEOs have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation!

We thank you. We salute you. We honor you. And we promise you: we will ALWAYS have your BACK  now and FOREVER! #IACP2018

Americas police officers have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation. In moments of danger &amp; despair you are the reason we never lose hope  because there are men &amp; women in uniform who face down evil &amp; stand for all that is GOOD and JUST and DECENT and RIGHT! #IACP2018

It was my great honor to address the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Florida. Thank you! #IACP2018 #LESM

Departing Washington, D.C. for the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! #IACP2018

Christopher Columbuss spirit of determination &amp; adventure has provided inspiration to generations of Americans. On #ColumbusDay, we honor his remarkable accomplishments as a navigator, &amp; celebrate his voyage into the unknown expanse of the Atlantic Ocean

@SecPompeo had a good meeting with Chairman Kim today in Pyongyang. Progress made on Singapore Summit Agreements! I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim again, in the near future

You dont hand matches to an arsonist, and you dont give power to an angry left-wing mob. Democrats have become too EXTREME and TOO DANGEROUS to govern. Republicans believe in the rule of law - not the rule of the mob. VOTE REPUBLICAN!

Beautiful evening in Topeka, Kansas. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE! #MAGA

Thank you Kansas - I love you!

The crowd in front of the U.S. Supreme Court is tiny, looks like about 200 people (&amp; most are onlookers) - that wouldnt even fill the first couple of rows of our Kansas Rally, or any of our Rallies for that matter! The Fake News Media tries to make it look sooo big, &amp; its not!

I applaud and congratulate the U.S. Senate for confirming our GREAT NOMINEE, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, to the United States Supreme Court. Later today, I will sign his Commission of Appointment, and he will be officially sworn in. Very exciting!

I have asked Steve Daines, our great Republican Senator from Montana, to attend his daughter Annies wedding rather than coming to todays vote. Steve was ready to do whatever he had to, but we had the necessary number. To the Daines Family, congratulations-have a wonderful day!

Women for Kavanaugh, and many others who support this very good man, are gathering all over Capitol Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P.M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!

Women for Kavanaugh, and many others who support this very good man, are gathering all over Capital Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P.M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!

Very proud of the U.S. Senate for voting YES to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh!

Just out: 3.7% Unemployment is the lowest number since 1969!

The very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make Senators look bad. Dont fall for it! Also, look at all of the professionally made identical signs. Paid for by Soros and others. These are not signs made in the basement from love! #Troublemakers

Beautiful evening in Rochester, Minnesota. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!

Thank you Minnesota - I love you!

Just made my second stop in Minnesota for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally. We need to elect @KarinHousley to the U.S. Senate, and we need the strong leadership of @TomEmmer, @Jason2CD, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber in the U.S. House!

Congressman Bishop is doing a GREAT job! He helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for EVERYONE! Nancy Pelosi is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on his opponent because they both support a liberal agenda of higher taxes and wasteful spending!

U.S. Stocks Widen Global Lead

Statement on National Strategy for Counterterrorism:

Working hard, thank you!

This is now the 7th. time the FBI has investigated Judge Kavanaugh. If we made it 100, it would still not be good enough for the Obstructionist Democrats

This is a very important time in our country. Due Process, Fairness and Common Sense are now on trial!

Our countrys great First Lady, Melania, is doing really well in Africa. The people love her, and she loves them! It is a beautiful thing to see

The harsh and unfair treatment of Judge Brett Kavanaugh is having an incredible upward impact on voters. The PEOPLE get it far better than the politicians. Most importantly, this great life cannot be ruined by mean &amp; despicable Democrats and totally uncorroborated allegations!

Wow, such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Look at the Energy, look at the Polls. Something very big is happening. He is a fine man and great intellect. The country is with him all the way!

My thoughts and prayers are with the Florence County Sheriffs Office and the Florence Police Department tonight, in South Carolina. We are forever grateful for what our Law Enforcement Officers do 24/7/365

Just spoke to President-Elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of Mexico. Great call, we will work well together!

I see it each time I go out to Rallies in order to help some of our great Republican candidates. VOTERS ARE REALLY ANGRY AT THE VICIOUS AND DESPICABLE WAY DEMOCRATS ARE TREATING BRETT KAVANAUGH! He and his wonderful family deserve much better

Mexico, Canada and the United States are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force. We will now, because of the USMCA, work very well together. Great Spirit!

Blowout numbers on New Jobs and, separately, Services. Market up!

Thank you to Congressman Tom Reed of New York for your wonderful comments on our great new Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, the USMCA. I have long ago given you my Full Endorsement, and for good reason. Keep up the Great Work! @Varneyco

Thank you Governor Phil Bryant - it was my great honor to be there! #MAGA

The Stock Market just reached an All-Time High during my Administration for the 102nd Time, a presidential record, by far, for less than two years. So much potential as Trade and Military Deals are completed

The Failing New York Times did something I have never seen done before. They used the concept of time value of money in doing a very old, boring and often told hit piece on me. Added up, this means that 97% of their stories on me are bad. Never recovered from bad election call!

Congressman @PeteSessions of Texas is a true fighter and patriot. Highly respected in D.C. by all, he always gets what his district, and our country, wants and needs. Strong on Crime, Border, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment. Pete has my Full and Total Endorsement. A great guy!

Thank you Mississippi - Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Today, my Administration provided HISTORIC levels of funding to improve school safety through STOP School Violence grants  a top priority for @sandyhook. I am committed to keeping our children SAFE in their schools!

National wage growth is at the highest its been in nearly 17 months -- and, according to a new study released by Glassdoor, its not expected to slow down anytime soon

GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA

Thank you Mississippi - I love you!

This is really an incredible time for our Nation - WE are RESPECTED AGAIN!

USMCA Wins Praise as a Victory for American Industries and Workers

Proud of our great First Lady - and she loves doing this!

Yesterday, it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Ronald J. Shurer II, for his actions on April 6, 2008, when he braved enemy fire to treat multiple injured Soldiers. Read more:

THE ONLY REASON TO VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT IS IF YOURE TIRED OF WINNING!

Great reviews on the new USMCA. Thank you! Mexico and Canada will be wonderful partners in Trade (and more) long into the future

Happy 7th birthday to Tristan, a very special member of the Trump family!

WOW - THANK YOU TENNESSEE!

Thank you Tennessee - I love you!

News conference on the USMCA this morning at 11:00 - Rose Garden of White House

Congratulations to Mexico and Canada!

deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA, greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers, reduces Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!

deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA, greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers, reduce Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations closer together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!

Late last night, our deadline, we reached a wonderful new Trade Deal with Canada, to be added into the deal already reached with Mexico. The new name will be The United States Mexico Canada Agreement, or USMCA. It is a great deal for all three countries, solves the many

Wow! Just starting to hear the Democrats, who are only thinking Obstruct and Delay, are starting to put out the word that the time and scope of FBI looking into Judge Kavanaugh and witnesses is not enough. Hello! For them, it will never be enough - stay tuned and watch!

So if African-American unemployment is now at the lowest number in history, median income the highest, and you then add all of the other things I have done, how do Democrats, who have done NOTHING for African-Americans but TALK, win the Black Vote?  And it will only get better!

Like many, I dont watch Saturday Night Live (even though I past hosted it) - no longer funny, no talent or charm. It is just a political ad for the Dems. Word is that Kanye West, who put on a MAGA hat after the show (despite being told no), was great. Hes leading the charge!

NBC News incorrectly reported (as usual) that I was limiting the FBI investigation of Judge Kavanaugh, and witnesses, only to certain people. Actually, I want them to interview whoever they deem appropriate, at their discretion. Please correct your reporting!

Thank you West Virginia - I love you!

Heading to West Virginia now. Big Rally. Will be live on @FoxNews tonight. Long lines, but will be great!

Senator Richard Blumenthal must talk about his fraudulent service in Vietnam, where for 12 years he told the people of Connecticut, as their Attorney General, that he was a great Marine War Hero. Talked about his many battles of near death, but was never in Vietnam. Total Phony!

Just started, tonight, our 7th FBI investigation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He will someday be recognized as a truly great Justice of The United States Supreme Court!

Judge Kavanaugh showed America exactly why I nominated him. His testimony was powerful, honest, and riveting. Democrats search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay, obstruct, and resist. The Senate must vote!

Join me this Saturday in Wheeling, West Virginia at 7pmE! Tickets:

Congressman Lee Zeldin is doing a fantastic job in D.C. Tough and smart, he loves our Country and will always be there to do the right thing. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

China is actually placing propaganda ads in the Des Moines Register and other papers, made to look like news. Thats because we are beating them on Trade, opening markets, and the farmers will make a fortune when this is over!

Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He is just looking for attention and doesnt want people to look at his past record and relationships - a total low-life!

Jobless Claims fell to their lowest level in 49 years!

Consumer confidence hits an 18 year high, close to breaking the all-time record. A big jump from last 8 years. People are excited about the USA again! We are getting Bigger and Richer and Stronger. WAY MORE TO GO!

The Democrats are playing a high level CON GAME in their vicious effort to destroy a fine person. It is called the politics of destruction. Behind the scene the Dems are laughing. Pray for Brett Kavanaugh and his family!

These law enforcement people took the law into their own hands when it came to President Trump. @LindseyGrahamSC

73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly #UNGA

Consumer confidence rose in September, notching its highest level in about 18 years. The Consumer Boards index rose to 138.4 this month from 134.7 in August

Remarks by President Trump at a Luncheon Hosted by the Secretary-General of the United Nations

Remarks by President Trump to the 73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly

Rush Limbaugh to Republicans: You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you dont get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved

Thank you Dr. Jeffress!

Thank you Mark!

Will be speaking at the United Nations this morning. Our country is much stronger and much richer than it was when I took office less than two years ago. We are also MUCH safer!

Despite requests, I have no plans to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Maybe someday in the future. I am sure he is an absolutely lovely man!

Republican Party Favorability is the highest it has been in 7 years - 3 points higher than Democrats!  Gallup

The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man, and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever, with an array of False Accusations the likes of which have never been seen before!

REMEMBER THE MIDTERMS!

The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man, and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever, with an array of False Acquisitions the likes of which have never been seen before!

It was my great honor to welcome President @EmmanuelMacron of France to the United States, here in New York City, this evening! #UNGA

It was my great honor to welcome President @AlsisiOfficial of Egypt to the United States this afternoon, in New York City. Great meetings! #UNGA

Joint Statement on the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement:

Brett Kavanaugh and his wife, Ashley, will be interviewed tonight at 7pmE on @marthamaccallum @FoxNews. This is an outstanding family who must be treated fairly!

US-Korea Free Trade Agreement Signing Ceremony!

It was my great honor to welcome and meet with President @moonriver365 Jae-in of South Korea today, in New York City!  #UNGA

Today, we commit to fighting the drug epidemic together! #UNGA

Remarks by President Trump at Global Call to Action on the World Drug Problem Event #UNGA

Prime Minster @AbeShinzo is coming up to Trump Tower for dinner but, most importantly, he just had a great landslide victory in Japan. I will congratulate him on behalf of the American people!

Going to New York. Will be with Prime Minister Abe of Japan tonight, talking Military and Trade. We have done much to help Japan, would like to see more of a reciprocal relationship. It will all work out!

Tiger is playing great. Looks like a big win could happen. Very exciting! @TigerWoods

New Economic Records being set on a daily basis - and it is not by accident!

GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!

Thank you Missouri - Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you Missouri - I love you!

Remarks by President Trump at the Signing of H.R. 5895:

Promises Kept for our GREAT Veterans!

Throughout American history, the men and women of our Armed Forces have selflessly served our Country, making tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, we honor all American Prisoners of War:

Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct &amp; Resist &amp; Delay. Let her testify, or not, and TAKE THE VOTE!

Senator Feinstein and the Democrats  held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct &amp; Resist &amp; Delay. Let her testify, or not, and TAKE THE VOTE!

has been asked to review these documents on an expedited basis. I believe he will move quickly on this (and hopefully other things which he is looking at). In the end I can always declassify if it proves necessary. Speed is very important to me - and everyone!

I met with the DOJ concerning the declassification of various UNREDACTED documents. They agreed to release them but stated that so doing may have a perceived negative impact on the Russia probe. Also, key Allies called to ask not to release. Therefore, the Inspector General

The radical left lawyers want the FBI to get involved NOW. Why didnt someone call the FBI 36 years ago?

I will Chair the United Nations Security Council meeting on Iran next week!

I have no doubt that, if the attack on Dr. Ford was as bad as she says, charges would have been immediately filed with local Law Enforcement Authorities by either her or her loving parents. I ask that she bring those filings forward so that we can learn  date, time, and place!

Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man, with an impeccable reputation, who is under assault by radical left wing politicians who dont want to know the answers, they just want to destroy and delay. Facts dont matter. I go through this with them every single day in D.C

AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN!

Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada - I love you! #MAGA

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Landing in Las Vegas now for a Make America Great Again Rally supporting @DeanHeller and @DannyTarkanian. Also doing interview there with @seanhannity live on @FoxNews. Big crowd, long lines. Will be great! #MAGA

On my way to Las Vegas, Nevada. Look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA

North Korea to be identified as a result of my Summit with Chairman Kim. These HEROES are home, they may Rest In Peace, and hopefully their families can have closure

Army Master Sgt. Charles H. McDaniel, 32, of Vernon, Indiana, and Army Pfc. William H. Jones, 19, of Nash County, North Carolina, are the first American remains from

Congratulations to my good friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo on his HUGE election victory in Japan. Im looking forward to many more years of working together. See you in New York next week!

@JayWebberNJ is running for Congress in the 11th District of New Jersey. He is outstanding in every way. Strong on Borders, loves our Military and our Vets. Big Crime fighter. Jay has my Full and Total Endorsement!

S&amp;P 500 HITS ALL-TIME HIGH  Congratulations USA!

I want to know, where is the money for Border Security and the WALL in this ridiculous Spending Bill, and where will it come from after the Midterms? Dems are obstructing Law Enforcement and Border Security. REPUBLICANS MUST FINALLY GET TOUGH!

The thing thats lacking is we cant properly secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. Senator David Perdue of Georgia

We cant secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. The Presidents fed up with this. His agenda is working. The economy is growing at twice the rate it did under Obama. Weve nominated and confirmed 68 Federal Judges, 26 Court of Appeals Judges

We protect the countries of the Middle East, they would not be safe for very long without us, and yet they continue to push for higher and higher oil prices! We will remember. The OPEC monopoly must get prices down now!

Financial and jobs numbers are fantastic. There are plenty of new, high paying jobs available in our great and very vibrant economy. If you are not happy where you are, start looking - but also remember, our economy is only getting better. Vote in Midterms!

Great new book by Jason Chaffetz appropriately called The Deep State. Very interesting indeed!

Just returned to the White House from the Great States of North Carolina and South Carolina where incredible work is being done on the ongoing fight against hurricane Florence. Tremendous talent and spirit!

President Donald J. Trumps Administration is Providing Support to Those Impacted by Hurricane Florence

North Korea recommits to denuclearization - weve come a long way. @FoxNews

it was impossible - and then already its over 4%, and I expect its going to grow faster and faster. Were just getting started here. Peter Ferrara, former advisor to President Reagan. @foxandfriends

The recovery got started on Election Day 2016. It took Trumps Tax Cuts and Regulation Cuts to get the economy booming. Before that it was the worst and slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression. It took just 6 months for Trump to get to 3%, even though they said

returned home to the United States. Also, North and South Korea will file a joint bid to host the 2032 Olympics. Very exciting!

Kim Jong Un has agreed to allow Nuclear inspections, subject to final negotiations, and to permanently dismantle a test site and launch pad in the presence of international experts. In the meantime there will be no Rocket or Nuclear testing. Hero remains to continue being

The Supreme Court is one of the main reasons I got elected President. I hope Republican Voters, and others, are watching, and studying, the Democrats Playbook

Today, it was my great honor to welcome @prezydentpl Andrzej Duda of Poland to the @WhiteHouse!

Today, I took action to strengthen our Nations defenses against biological threats. For the first time in history, the Federal Government has a National Biodefense Strategy to address the FULL RANGE of biological threats!

Thank you to our great Coast Guard for doing such a tremendous job - thousands of lives being saved!

that FEMA, our Military, and our First Responders, who are all unbelievable, are a disaster and not doing a good job. This will be a total lie, but thats what they do, and everybody knows it!

Right now, everybody is saying what a great job we are doing with Hurricane Florence  and they are 100% correct. But dont be fooled, at some point in the near future the Democrats will start ranting

Happy 71st Birthday to our GREAT United States Air Force!

China has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade for many years. They also know that I am the one that knows how to stop it. There will be great and fast economic retaliation against China if our farmers, ranchers and/or industrial workers are targeted!

China has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers, ranchers and industrial workers because of their loyalty to me. What China does not understand is that these people are great patriots and fully understand that

campaign, which is unprecedented in our history. Congressman Peter King  Really bad things were happening, but they are now being exposed. Big stuff!

What will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these FISA Warrants, that the important information was kept from the court, theres going to be a disproportionate influence of the (Fake) Dossier. Basically you have a counter terrorism tool used to spy on a presidential

Today, as we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, we share our gratitude for all the ways Hispanic-Americans make our country flourish and prosper. Today, and every day, we honor, cherish, and celebrate Hispanic-American Workers, Families, Students, Businesses, and Leaders

Just met John James of Michigan. He has every single quality to be your next Great Senator from Michigan. When the people of Michigan get to know John, they will say he is a true star. Also, distinguished Military and a Combat Vet!

It was my great honor to host todays Inaugural Meeting of the Presidents National Council for the American Worker in the Roosevelt Room! 
Read more:

Happy Constitution Day!

Join me in Las Vegas, Nevada at 7:00pm for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets:

Americans deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy, but gag clauses prevent your pharmacist from telling you! I support legislation that will remove gag clauses and urge the Senate to act. #AmericanPatientsFirst

Immediately after Comeys firing Peter Strzok texted to his lover, Lisa Page We need to Open the case weve been waiting on now while Andy (McCabe, also fired) is acting. Page answered, We need to lock in (redacted). In a formal chargeable way. Soon. Wow, a conspiracy caught?

Lisa Page Testimony- NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BEFORE MUELLER APPOINTMENT. @FoxNews by Catherine Herridge. Therefore, the case should never have been allowed to be brought. It is a totally illegal Witch Hunt!

Our Steel Industry is the talk of the World. It has been given new life, and is thriving. Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country!

Tariffs have put the U.S. in a very strong bargaining position, with Billions of Dollars, and Jobs, flowing into our Country - and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable. If countries will not make fair deals with us, they will be Tariffed!

A lot of small &amp; medium size enterprises are registering very good profit, sometimes record profits-there stocks are doing very well, low income workers are getting big raises. There are an awful lot of good things going on that werent during Pres. Obamas Watch. Peter Morici

Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11% in 2015, an Obama year, and rose 16% since the Election, #TrumpTime!

Best economic numbers in decades. If the Democrats take control, kiss your newfound wealth goodbye!

Watch @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 P.M. on @FoxBusiness. Russian Hoax the big topic! Mainstream Media, often referred to as the Fake News Media, hates to discuss the real facts!

Congratulations to all of our Mexican friends on National Independence Day. We will be doing great things together!

Just watched Sunday Morning Futures with @MariaBartiromo on @FoxNews. This show is MANDATORY watching if you want to understand the massive governmental corruption and the Russian Hoax. It will be rebroadcast this evening at 6:00 P.M. on @FoxBusiness. A must see!

FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are working really hard on hurricane Florence. As the storm begins to finally recede, they will kick into an even higher gear. Very Professional!

The illegal Mueller Witch Hunt continues in search of a crime. There was never Collusion with Russia, except by the Clinton campaign, so the 17 Angry Democrats are looking at anything they can find. Very unfair and BAD for the country. ALSO, not allowed under the LAW!

Exclusive -- Donald Trump Jr. to Obama: My Dad Fixed the Economy You Could Not  via @BreitbartNews

Five deaths have been recorded thus far with regard to hurricane Florence! Deepest sympathies and warmth go out to the families and friends of the victims. May God be with them!

When will Republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the Democrats on Border Security and Building the Wall? Without Borders, we dont have a country. With Open Borders, which the Democrats want, we have nothing but crime! Finish the Wall!

While my (our) poll numbers are good, with the Economy being the best ever, if it werent for the Rigged Russian Witch Hunt, they would be 25 points higher! Highly conflicted Bob Mueller &amp; the 17 Angry Democrats are using this Phony issue to hurt us in the Midterms. No Collusion!

@DannyTarkanian of Nevada is a great friend who supports the Trump Agenda. He is Strong on Crime, the Border and our under siege 2nd Amendment. Danny Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total and complete Endorsement!

Congressman Keith Rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. Keith is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total Endorsement!

Congressman Pete Sessions of Texas is doing a great job. He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our Second Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!

Thank you Brock  it is my honor!

We (@FEMA) have never had the support that we have had from this President. 
Administrator @FEMA_Brock

Thank you @nycemergencymgt!

When President Obama said that he has been to 57 States, very little mention in Fake News Media. Can you imagine if I said that...story of the year! @IngrahamAngle

GWU Research to tell them how many people had died in Puerto Rico (how would they not know this?). This method was never done with previous hurricanes because other jurisdictions know how many people were killed. FIFTY TIMES LAST ORIGINAL NUMBER - NO WAY!

When Trump visited the island territory last October, OFFICIALS told him in a briefing 16 PEOPLE had died from Maria. The Washington Post. This was long AFTER the hurricane took place. Over many months it went to 64 PEOPLE. Then, like magic, 3000 PEOPLE KILLED. They hired

Great job FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement - not easy, very dangerous, tremendous talent. America is proud of you. Keep it all going - finish strong!

My thoughts and prayers are with 
Evelyn Rodriguez this evening, along with her family and friends. #RIPEvelyn

The story of Puerto Rico is the rebuilding that has occurred. The President has done an extraordinary job of cleanup, rebuilding electrical stuff and everything else.  @EdRollins   The people of Puerto Rico have one of the most corrupt governments in our country. @LouDobbs

They say all these people died in the storm in Puerto Rico, yet 70% of the power was out before the storm. So when did people start dying? At what point do you recognize that what they are doing is a political agenda couched in the nice language of journalism?  @GeraldoRivera

Keep up the great work - THANK YOU!

We love the #CajunNavy - THANK YOU! #FlorenceHurricane2018

Incredible job being done by FEMA, First Responders, Law Enforcement and all. Thank you!

Gina is Great!

John Kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile Iranian Regime, which can only serve to undercut our great work to the detriment of the American people. He told them to wait out the Trump Administration! Was he registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act? BAD!

Senator Debbie Stabenow and the Democrats are totally against approving the Farm Bill. They are fighting tooth and nail to not allow our Great Farmers to get what they so richly deserve. Work requirements are imperative and the Dems are a NO. Not good!

Thank you @USNationalGuard! #HurricaneFlorence

I was just briefed on Hurricane Florence. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. We are with you!

Thank you @USCG!

The Wall Street Journal has it wrong, we are under no pressure to make a deal with China, they are under pressure to make a deal with us. Our markets are surging, theirs are collapsing. We will soon be taking in Billions in Tariffs &amp; making products at home. If we meet, we meet?

This was done by the Democrats in order to make me look as bad as possible when I was successfully raising Billions of Dollars to help rebuild Puerto Rico. If a person died for any reason, like old age, just add them onto the list. Bad politics. I love Puerto Rico!

3000 people did not die in the two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico. When I left the Island, AFTER the storm had hit, they had anywhere from 6 to 18 deaths. As time went by it did not go up by much. Then, a long time later, they started to report really large numbers, like 3000

Middle-Class Income Hits All-Time High! @foxandfriends  And will continue to rise (unless the Dems get in and destroy what we have built)

It is a cesspool of corruption, and the people who did this need to be brought to justice.  @GreggJarrett

More text messages between former FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are a disaster and embarrassment to the FBI &amp; DOJ. This should never have happened but we are learning more and more by the hour. Others were leaking like mad in order to get the President!

We are completely ready for hurricane Florence, as the storm gets even larger and more powerful. Be careful!

The problem with banker Jamie Dimon running for President is that he doesnt have the aptitude or smarts &amp; is a poor public speaker &amp; nervous mess - otherwise he is wonderful. Ive made a lot of bankers, and others, look much smarter than they are with my great economic policy!

Tonight, it was my great honor to host a Congressional Medal of Honor Society Reception at the @WhiteHouse!

#HurricaneFlorence

It is imperative that everyone follow local evacuation orders. This storm is extremely dangerous. Be SAFE! #HurricaneFlorence

I can say, as it relates to the Senate Intelligence Committee Investigation, that we have NO hard evidence of Collusion.  Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intelligence Committee, Chairman

Hurricane Florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a portion of the Great State of Georgia. Be ready, be prepared!

Hurricane Florence is looking even bigger than anticipated. It will be arriving soon. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. Be safe!

We got A Pluses for our recent hurricane work in Texas and Florida (and did an unappreciated great job in Puerto Rico, even though an inaccessible island with very poor electricity and a totally incompetent Mayor of San Juan). We are ready for the big one that is coming!

The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever &amp; that the Special Counsel has no evidence of any wrongdoing. In other words, its time to end this Witch Hunt. @LouDobbs   Russian collusion was just an excuse by the Democrats for having lost the Election!

Crazy Maxine Waters: After we impeach Trump, well go after Mike Pence. Well get him.  @FoxNews  Where are the Democrats coming from? The best Economy in the history of our country would totally collapse if they ever took control!

giving the information, and causing the appointment of a Special C without having the courage of his own convictions.....  Alan Dershowitz   @TuckerCarlson   In other words, the whole thing was illegally and very unfairly set up?

You know whos at fault for this more than anyone else, Comey, because he leaked information and laundered it through a professor at Columbia Law School. Shame on that professor, and shame on Comey. He snuck the information to a law professor who collaborated with him in

#NeverForget #September11th

The safety of American people is my absolute highest priority. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE!

Small Business Optimism Soars to Highest Level Ever | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews

#NeverForget #September11th

17 years since September 11th!

Departing Washington, D.C. to attend a Flight 93 September 11th Memorial Service in Shanksville, Pennsylvania with Melania. #NeverForget

Rudy Giuliani did a GREAT job as Mayor of NYC during the period of September 11th. His leadership, bravery and skill must never be forgotten. Rudy is a TRUE WARRIOR!

ERIC Holder could be running the Justice Department right now and it would be behaving no differently than it is. @LouDobbs

New Strzok-Page texts reveal Media Leak Strategy.  @FoxNews  So terrible, and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI - but the world is watching, and they get it completely

#NeverForget  #September11th

We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump &amp; Russia, absolutely zero, but every day we get more documentation showing collusion between the FBI &amp; DOJ, the Hillary campaign, foreign spies &amp; Russians, incredible. @SaraCarterDC @LouDobbs

Just had calls with South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster, North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, and Virginia Governor Ralph Northam regarding the incoming storm. Federal Government stands by, ready to assist 24/7

My people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the East Coast in many years. Also, looking like a direct hit on North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE!

Was just briefed via phone by @DHSgov @SecNielsen and @FEMA @FEMA_Brock, along with @VP Mike Pence and Chief of Staff, John Kelly on incoming storm which is very dangerous. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials - and know that WE are here for you. Be SAFE!

Chuck Schumer is holding up 320 appointments (Ambassadors, Executives, etc.) of great people who have left jobs and given up so much in order to come into Government. Schumer and the Democrats continue to OBSTRUCT!

To the incredible citizens of North Carolina, South Carolina and the entire East Coast - the storm looks very bad! Please take all necessary precautions. We have already began mobilizing our assets to respond accordingly, and we are here for you!

The Storms in the Atlantic are very dangerous. We encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselves and to heed the warnings of State and Local officials. The Federal Government is closely monitoring and ready to assist. We are with you!

President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% GDP, stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand, 4.2%, and we will do MUCH better than this! We have just begun

The Economy is soooo good, perhaps the best in our countrys history (remember, its the economy stupid!), that the Democrats are flailing &amp; lying like CRAZY! Phony books, articles and T.V. hits like no other pol has had to endure-and they are losing big. Very dishonest people!

It is mostly anonymous sources in here, why should anyone trust you? General Mattis, General Kelly said its not true. @SavannahGuthrie  @TODAYshow  Bob Woodward is a liar who is like a Dem operative prior to the Midterms. He was caught cold, even by NBC

Im taking this book with a grain of salt &amp; everyone should do the same. Multiple sources, but almost every one of them has come out and discredited the claims made by Woodward. You cannot take this book too seriously. Katelyn Caralle, Washington Examiner

The White House is a smooth running machine. We are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our countrys history - with many more to come! The Dems are going crazy!

The White House is running beautifully. We are making some of the greatest and most important deals in our countries history - with many more to come. Big progress!

The Woodward book is a Joke - just another assault against me, in a barrage of assaults, using now disproven unnamed and anonymous sources. Many have already come forward to say the quotes by them, like the book, are fiction. Dems cant stand losing. Ill write the real book!

If the Democrats had won the Election in 2016, GDP, which was about 1% and going down, would have been minus 4% instead of up 4.2%. I opened up our beautiful economic engine with Regulation and Tax Cuts. Our system was choking and would have been made worse. Still plenty to do!

The GDP Rate (4.2%) is higher than the Unemployment Rate (3.9%) for the first time in over 100 years!

Melania and I wish all Jewish people Shana Tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah and the start of the High Holy Days

its commitment to denuclearize. @FoxNews  This is a big and very positive statement from North Korea. Thank you To Chairman Kim. We will both prove everyone wrong! There is nothing like good dialogue from two people that like each other! Much better than before I took office

North Korea has just staged their parade, celebrating 70th anniversary of founding, without the customary display of nuclear missiles. Theme was peace and economic development. Experts believe that North Korea cut out the nuclear missiles to show President Trump

Wow, NFL first game ratings are way down over an already really bad last year comparison. Viewership declined 13%, the lowest in over a decade. If the players stood proudly for our Flag and Anthem, and it is all shown on broadcast, maybe ratings could come back? Otherwise worse!

Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time in office, the economy has achieved feats most experts thought impossible. GDP is growing at a 3 percent-plus rate. The unemployment rate is near a 50 year low. CNBC...Also, the Stock Market is up almost 50% since Election!

If the U.S. sells a car into China, there is a tax of 25%. If China sells a car into the U.S., there is a tax of 2%. Does anybody think that is FAIR? The days of the U.S. being ripped-off by other nations is OVER!

Ford has abruptly killed a plan to sell a Chinese-made small vehicle in the U.S. because of the prospect of higher U.S. Tariffs. CNBC.  This is just the beginning. This car can now be BUILT IN THE U.S.A. and Ford will pay no tariffs!

Barack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, whats happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream. Jason Chaffetz

Barrack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, whats happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barrack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream. Jason Chaffetz

Happy Anniversary! #ProudDeplorable

So nice, thank you both!

The Dems have tried every trick in the playbook-call me everything under the sun. But if Im all of those terrible things, how come I beat them so badly, 306-223? Maybe theyre just not very good! The fact is they are going CRAZY only because they know they cant beat me in 2020!

Republicans are doing really well with the Senate Midterms. Races that we were not even thinking about winning are now very close, or even leading. Election night will be very interesting indeed!

Our Social Media (and beyond) Stars, @DiamondandSilk, are terrific people who are doing really well. We are all very proud of them, and their great success!

So true! Mr. Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican Party, whose fealty has helped buoy candidates in competitive Republican primaries and remains a hot commodity among general election candidates.  Nicholas Fandos, @nytimes

Apple prices may increase because of the massive Tariffs we may be imposing on China - but there is an easy solution where there would be ZERO tax, and indeed a tax incentive. Make your products in the United States instead of China. Start building new plants now. Exciting! #MAGA

We are breaking all Jobs and Economic Records but, importantly, our Country has TREMENDOUS FUTURE POTENTIAL. We have just begun!

To this point, President Trumps achievements are unprecedented.  @LouDobbs

Dave Hughes is running for Congress in the Great State of Minnesota. He will help us accomplish our America First policies, is strong on Crime, the Border, our 2nd Amendmen, Trade, Military and Vets. Running against Pelosi Liberal Puppet Petterson. Dave has my Total Endorsement!

14 days for $28 MILLION - $2 MILLION a day, No Collusion. A great day for America!

Unprecedented Jobs Growth Streak Continues as Wages Rise

Under our horrible immigration laws, the Government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with violent felony convictions. House GOP just passed a bill to increase our ability to deport violent felons (Crazy Dems opposed). Need to get this bill to my desk fast!

The Woodward book is a scam. I dont talk the way I am quoted. If I did I would not have been elected President. These quotes were made up. The author uses every trick in the book to demean and belittle. I wish the people could see the real facts - and our country is doing GREAT!

Matt Rosendale will be a Great Senator from a Great State, Montana! He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our 2nd Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!

What was Nike thinking?

Thank you Montana, I love you!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Getting ready to go on stage for Matt Rosendale, who will be a great Senator. Jon Tester has let the people of Montana down &amp; does not deserve another six years. Matt is strong on Crime, the Borders, &amp; will save your Second Amendment from the onslaught. Loves our Military &amp; Vets!

Landing in Montana now to support Matt Rosendale for U.S. Senate! #MAGA

Are the investigative journalists of the New York Times going to investigate themselves - who is the anonymous letter writer?

Look forward to seeing everyone in Montana tonight! #MAGA

The record is quite remarkable. The President has faithfully followed the agenda he campaigned on in 2016. People should focus on the results, and theyre extraordinary!  James Freeman - Wall Street Journal

Cosumer confidence highest in 18 years, Atlanta Fed forecasts 4.7 GDP, manufacturing jobs highest in many years. Its the story of the Trump Administration, the Economic Success, thats unnerving his detractors. @MariaBartiromo

The Deep State and the Left, and their vehicle, the Fake News Media, are going Crazy - &amp; they dont know what to do. The Economy is booming like never before, Jobs are at Historic Highs, soon TWO Supreme Court Justices &amp; maybe Declassification to find Additional Corruption. Wow!

Kim Jong Un of North Korea proclaims unwavering faith in President Trump. Thank you to Chairman Kim. We will get it done together!

Im draining the Swamp, and the Swamp is trying to fight back. Dont worry, we will win!

Does the so-called Senior Administration Official really exist, or is it just the Failing New York Times with another phony source? If the GUTLESS anonymous person does indeed exist, the Times must, for National Security purposes, turn him/her over to government at once!

TREASON?

The Failing New York Times!

Today, it was my honor to welcome the Amir of Kuwait to the @WhiteHouse!

Join me tomorrow night at 7:00pm MDT in Billings, Montana for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Get your tickets here:

Thank you General Mattis, book is boring &amp; untrue!

Thank you General Kelly, book is total fiction!

Just like the NFL, whose ratings have gone WAY DOWN, Nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts. I wonder if they had any idea that it would be this way? As far as the NFL is concerned, I just find it hard to watch, and always will, until they stand for the FLAG!

The Trump Economy is booming with help of House and Senate GOP. #FarmBill with SNAP work  requirements will bolster farmers and get America back to work. Pass the Farm Bill with SNAP work requirements!

Almost everyone agrees that my Administration has done more in less than two years than any other Administration in the history of our Country. Im tough as hell on people &amp; if I werent, nothing would get done. Also, I question everybody &amp; everything-which is why I got elected!

Isnt it a shame that someone can write an article or book, totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact, and get away with it without retribution or cost. Dont know why Washington politicians dont change libel laws?

Secretary Mattis Nukes Woodward Allegations

Jim Mattis Calls Woodward Book Fiction: Product of Someones Rich Imagination  via @BreitbartNews

The already discredited Woodward book, so many lies and phony sources, has me calling Jeff Sessions mentally retarded and a dumb southerner. I said NEITHER, never used those terms on anyone, including Jeff, and being a southerner is a GREAT thing. He made this up to divide!

Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake NBC News said its time for the Press to stop complaining and to start fighting back. Actually Chuck, theyve been doing that from the day I announced for President. Theyve gone all out, and I WON, and now theyre going CRAZY!

The Woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by General (Secretary of Defense) James Mattis and General (Chief of Staff) John Kelly. Their quotes were made up frauds, a con on the public. Likewise other stories and quotes. Woodward is a Dem operative? Notice timing?

Statement from White House @PressSec, Sarah Sanders:

Statement from White House Chief of Staff, General John Kelly:

Statement from Secretary of Defense, James Mattis:

Judge Brett Kavanaugh is an Exceptionally Qualified and Deserving Nominee for the Supreme Court

Paul Cook is a decorated Marine Corps Veteran who loves and supports our Military and Vets. He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and supported Tax Cuts for the people of California. Paul has my total and complete Endorsement!

Pledge to Americas Workers

looking to inflict pain and embarrassment to one of the most highly renowned jurists to ever appear before Congress. So sad to see!

The Brett Kavanaugh hearings for the future Justice of the Supreme Court are truly a display of how mean, angry, and despicable the other side is. They will say anything, and are only

Jon Kyl will be an extraordinary Senator representing an extraordinary state, Arizona. I look forward to working with him!

Everyone in the path of #Gordon please heed the advice of State and local officials and follow @NHC_Atlantic for updates. The Federal Government stands ready to assist. Be safe!

NBC FAKE NEWS, which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the Harvey Weinstein story, is now fumbling around making excuses for their probably highly unethical conduct. I have long criticized NBC and their journalistic standards-worse than even CNN. Look at their license?

President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy. Hundreds of thousands of people could be killed. Dont let that happen!

According to the Failing New York Times, the FBI started a major effort to flip Putin loyalists in 2014-2016. It wasnt about Trump, he wasnt even close to a candidate yet.  Rigged Witch Hunt!

I see that John Kerry, the father of the now terminated Iran deal, is thinking of running for President. I should only be so lucky - although the field that is currently assembling looks really good - FOR ME!

The Democrats, none of whom voted for Jeff Sessions, must love him now. Same thing with Lyin James Comey. The Dems all hated him, wanted him out, thought he was disgusting - UNTIL I FIRED HIM! Immediately he became a wonderful man, a saint like figure in fact. Really sick!

Two long running, Obama era, investigations of  two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge, just ahead of the Mid-Terms, by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department. Two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time. Good job Jeff

The U.S. is respected again!

Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so against the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U.S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!

The Worker in America is doing better than ever before. Celebrate Labor Day!

Happy Labor Day! Our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows. The U.S. has tremendous upside potential as we go about fixing some of the worst Trade Deals ever made by any country in the world. Big progress being made!

Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so againt the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U.S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!

The fact is that African/American unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country. Same with Asian, Hispanic and almost every other group. The Democrats have been all talk and no action. My Administration has already produced like no other, and everyone sees it!

Tiger Woods showed great class in the way he answered the question about the Office of the Presidency and me. Now they say the so-called left is angry at him. So sad, but the center &amp; right loves Tiger, Kanye, George Foreman, Jim Brown &amp; so many other greats, even more

There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians, who have very deep connections to both the Clintons &amp; Fusion GPS, &amp; where no information on the Clintons was exchanged, is a crime. Dems are blinded by their hatred of Trump. Bongino

No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia, yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information from Kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary, Christopher Steele.  Jesse Waters

positions of power. Thats part of the story of the Russia Hoax. Christopher Steele is on the payroll of Hillary Clinton &amp; the FBI, &amp; when they fired him for lying, they continued to use him. Violation of FBI regulations. Kept trying to verify the unverifiable. @GreggJarrett

Theres no fairness here, if youre a Democrat or a friend of Hillary you get immunity or off scott free. If youre connected to Donald Trump, you get people like Robert Mueller &amp; Andrew Weissman, and his team of partisans, coming after you with a vengeance and abusing their

We shouldnt have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

No Deal! Trade Talks with Canada Conclude for the Week with No Agreement | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews

Remember, NAFTA was one of the WORST Trade Deals ever made. The U.S. lost thousands of businesses and millions of jobs. We were far better off before NAFTA - should never have been signed. Even the Vat Tax was not accounted for. We make new deal or go back to pre-NAFTA!

There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we dont make a fair deal for the U.S. after decades of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere w/ these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp; we will be far better off

There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we dont make a fair deal for the U.S. after decade of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere with these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp; we will be far better off

Donald Trump, and now we find out that there wasnt even a hearing - that Donald Trumps 4th Amendment right to privacy was signed away...and someone in there is swearing that this stuff is true, when it wasnt? This is the scandal here - a police state.  Dan Bongino

You have a Fake Dossier, gathered by Steele, paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is Fake, nothing in it has been verified. It then filters into our American court system in order to spy on Barrack Obama and Hillary Clintons political opponent

of the DOJ &amp; FBI are completely out to lunch in terms of exposing and holding those accountable who are responsible for that corruption. @TomFitton @JudicialWatch

Report: There were no FISA hearings held over Spy documents.It is astonishing that the FISA courts couldnt hold hearings on Spy Warrants targeting Donald Trump. It isnt about Carter Page, its about the Trump Campaign. Youve got corruption at the DOJ &amp; FBI. The leadership

I love Canada, but theyve taken advantage of our Country for many years!

I think today what has happened is that news reporting has become part of the adversary system. Alan Dershowitz  It has become tainted and corrupt! DJT

Still cant believe that Bloomberg violated a firm OFF THE RECORD statement. Will they put out an apology?

Great day in North Carolina where Republicans will do very well!

The ABC/Washington Post Poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 Election. I call it a suppression poll - but by Election Day they brought us, out of shame, to about even. They will never learn!

@Rasmussen_Poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election Day and higher than President Obama. Rasmussen was one of the most accurate Election Day polls!

President Donald J. Trump is Strengthening Retirement Security for American Workers

Wow, I made OFF THE RECORD COMMENTS to Bloomberg concerning Canada, and this powerful understanding was BLATANTLY VIOLATED. Oh well, just more dishonest reporting. I am used to it. At least Canada knows where I stand!

I will be doing a major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in October. Im picking the biggest stadium in Texas we can find. As you know, Ted has my complete and total Endorsement. His opponent is a disaster for Texas - weak on Second Amendment, Crime, Borders, Military, and Vets!

Thank you Indiana, I love you!

Throwback Thursday! #MAGA

Kevin Stitt ran a great winning campaign against a very tough opponent in Oklahoma. Kevin is a very successful businessman who will be a fantastic Governor. He is strong on Crime &amp; Borders, the 2nd Amendment, &amp; loves our Military &amp; Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!

CNN is working frantically to find their source. Look hard because it doesnt exist. Whatever was left of CNNs credibility is now gone!

Will be going to Evansville, Indiana, tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun, a very successful businessman who is campaigning to be Indianas next U.S. Senator. He is strong on Crime &amp; Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military &amp; Vets. Will be a big night!

I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!

The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play, even a little bit, with respect to my decision on Don McGahn!

Wow, Nellie Ohr, Bruce Ohrs wife, is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot. Collusion! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is, unbelievably, still there!

I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Councel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!

The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation!

Ivanka Trump &amp; Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called pushing out of Don McGahn.The Fake News Media has it, purposely,so wrong! They love to portray chaos in the White House when they know that chaos doesnt exist-just a smooth running machine with changing parts!

The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated. For all of you that have made a fortune in the markets, or seen your 401ks rise beyond your wildest expectations, more good news is coming!

I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesnt matter to them, they only have their hatred &amp; agenda. This includes fake books, which come out about me all the time, always anonymous sources, and are pure fiction. Enemy of the People!

Whats going on at @CNN is happening, to different degrees, at other networks - with @NBCNews being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack(y) is about to be fired(?) for incompetence, and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia, they were hurt badly!

The hatred and extreme bias of me by @CNN has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually, as I have always said, this has been going on for a long time. Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job, his ratings suck, &amp; AT&amp;T should fire him to save credibility!

Watch: Kanye West Says Trump Wants to Be the Greatest President for Black Americans  via @BreitbartNews

charge of the FISA court. He should direct the Presiding Judge, Rosemary Collier, to hold a hearing, haul all of these people from the DOJ &amp; FBI in there, &amp; if she finds there were crimes committed, and there were, there should be a criminal referral by her.... @GreggJarrett

Ohr told the FBI it (the Fake Dossier) wasnt true, it was a lie and the FBI was determined to use it anyway to damage Trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the Trump campaign. This is a fraud on the court. The Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court is in

Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report. @BretBaier  Oh well, so much for CNN saying it wasnt Lanny. No wonder their ratings are so low, its FAKE NEWS!

CNN is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake. Sloppy @carlbernstein, a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool, making up story after story, is being laughed at all over the country! Fake News

of money on joint U.S.-South Korea war games. Besides, the President can instantly start the joint exercises again with South Korea, and Japan, if he so chooses. If he does, they will be far bigger than ever before. As for the U.S.China trade disputes, and other

differences, they will be resolved in time by President Trump and Chinas great President Xi Jinping. Their relationship and bond remain very strong

considerable aid, including money, fuel, fertilizer and various other commodities. This is not helpful! Nonetheless, the President believes that his relationship with Kim Jong Un is a very good and warm one, and there is no reason at this time to be spending large amounts

STATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSE

President Donald J. Trump feels strongly that North Korea is under tremendous pressure from China because of our major trade disputes with the Chinese Government. At the same time, we also know that China is providing North Korea with

#StopTheBias

How the hell is Bruce Ohr still employed at the Justice Department? Disgraceful!  Witch Hunt!

Consumer Confidence Index, just out, is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS! Also, GDP revised upward to 4.2 from 4.1. Our country is doing great!

White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall, shortly after the confirmation (hopefully) of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. I have worked with Don for a long time and truly appreciate his service!

Martha McSally is an extraordinary woman. She was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime, the Border and our  under siege 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. Has my total and complete Endorsement!

When you see anonymous source, stop reading the story, it is fiction!

Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media. @FoxNews The fact is that many anonymous sources dont even exist. They are fiction made up by the Fake News reporters. Look at the lie that Fake CNN is now in. They got caught red handed! Enemy of the People!

Big Election Wins last night! The Republican Party will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Actually, it is happening faster than anybody thought possible! It is morphing into KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - theres no doubt about that! @TuckerCarlson

The Obama people did something thats never been done...They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be OK if Trump did it next? I am losing faith that our system is on the level. Im beginning to think it is rotten &amp; corrupt. Scary stuff Obama did. @TuckerCarlson  DOJ

Not only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary, but his opponent in November is his biggest dream....a failed Socialist Mayor named Andrew Gillum who has allowed crime &amp; many other problems to flourish in his city. This is not what Florida wants or needs!

Martha McSally, running in the Arizona Primary for U.S. Senate, was endorsed by rejected Senator Jeff Flake....and turned it down - a first! Now Martha, a great U.S. Military fighter jet pilot and highly respected member of Congress, WINS BIG. Congratulations, and on to November!

Hillary Clintons Emails, many of which are Classified Information, got hacked by China. Next move better be by the FBI &amp; DOJ or, after all of their other missteps (Comey, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr, FISA, Dirty Dossier etc.), their credibility will be forever gone!

New Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Revoked. Not surprised! @FoxNews

Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS, GROWTH for our country, tearing down TRADE BARRIERS, JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY. It will be a big hit!

Add the 2026 World Cup to our long list of accomplishments!

Report just out: China hacked Hillary Clintons private Email Server. Are they sure it wasnt Russia (just kidding!)? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this? Actually, a very big story. Much classified information!

Congratulations to Governor Rick Scott of Florida on his conclusive Republican Primary Win. He will be a great Senator!

Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida. Ron will be a fantastic Governor. On to November!

Consumer confidence pops in August to highest level since October 2000

results on Trump News are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google &amp; others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp; cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!

Google search results for Trump News shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake News Media. In other words, they have it RIGGED, for me &amp; others, so that almost all stories &amp; news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative &amp; Fair Media is shut out. Illegal? 96% of

I smile at Senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the U.S. What they dont say is that we lose Jobs and over 800 Billion Dollars a year on really dumb Trade Deals....and these same countries Tariff us to death. These lawmakers are just fine with this!

NASDAQ has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history!

President Trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades.  @LouDobbs

results on Trump News are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google &amp; others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp; cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!

Google search results for Trump News shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake New Media. In other words, they have it RIGGED, for me &amp; others, so that almost all stories &amp; news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative &amp; Fair Media  is shut out. Illegal?  96% of

VOTE FOR RON!

@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome the President of the Republic of Kenya, @UKenyatta and Mrs. Margaret Kenyatta to the @WhiteHouse today!

United States-Mexico Trade Agreement:

Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job. It would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by voting for him in Tuesdays Primary. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement

Congressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job. He is running in Tuesdays Primary for Governor of Florida.Strong on Crime, Borders and wants Low Taxes. He will be a great Governor and has my full and total Endorsement!

Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor. Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health is better than ever before. He is strong on Crime, Borders, and loves our Military and Vets. Vote for Rick on Tuesday!

A big deal looking good with Mexico!

The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didnt want to say. Tiger wouldnt play the game - he is very smart. More importantly, he is playing great golf again!

Thank you to the great @JimBrownNFL32, perhaps the greatest running back of all time, for your wonderful words and support. Since our meeting in New York, African-American UNEMPLOYMENT has reached the LOWEST LEVEL IN HISTORY. You get it!

Over 90% approval rating for your all time favorite (I hope) President within the Republican Party and 52% overall. This despite all of the made up stories by the Fake News Media trying endlessly to make me look as bad and evil as possible. Look at the real villains please!

Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took office, the economy is booming. The stronger the economy gets, the more desperate his critics are. O had weakest recovery since Great Depression. @WashTimes

Fantastic numbers on consumer spending released on Friday. Stock Market hits all time high!

And it will get, as I have always said, much better from even here!

My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain. Our hearts and prayers are with you!

Stock Market hit all time high on Friday. Congratulations U.S.A.!

Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old government, and all working closely together....A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon!

The FBI looked at less than 1% of Crookeds Emails!

The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675,000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails. They purposely didnt look at the disasters. This news is just out. @FoxNews

Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails, many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gave false election info. I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption. At some point I may have to get involved!

@LindseyGrahamSC  Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in. I believe every President has a right to their Cabinet, these are not lifetime appointments. You serve at the pleasure of the President

Jeff Sessions said he wouldnt allow politics to influence him only because he doesnt understand what is happening underneath his command position. Highly conflicted Bob Mueller and his gang of 17 Angry Dems are having a field day as real corruption goes untouched. No Collusion!

Michaels Cohens attorney clarified the record, saying his client does not know if President Trump knew about the Trump Tower meeting (out of which came nothing!). The answer is that I did NOT know about the meeting. Just another phony story by the Fake News Media!

Happy birthday Vince, you are truly one of the greats!

Great #StateDinner2018 in Ohio tonight! Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Great to see the Senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices, something I called for in my drug pricing Blueprint. Will now work with the House to help American patients! #AmericanPatientsFirst

Congratulations to new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison. There are no greater friends than the United States and Australia!

I spoke with Governor David Ige of Hawaii today to express our full support for the people of Hawaii as the State is impacted by #HurricaneLane. The Federal Government is fully committed to helping the people of Hawaii

Thank you. I love you Ohio!

Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to North Korea in the near future, most likely after our Trading relationship with China is resolved. In the meantime I would like to send my warmest regards and respect to Chairman Kim. I look forward to seeing him soon!

Additionally, because of our much tougher Trading stance with China, I do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were (despite the UN Sanctions which are in place)

I have asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not to go to North Korea, at this time, because I feel we are not making sufficient progress with respect to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula

Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Cant do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN, whose ratings have suffered gravely. People have to figure out what is real, and what is not, without censorship!

Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over classified information. Gee, this is small potatoes compared to what Hillary Clinton did! So unfair Jeff, Double Standard

FISA abuse, Christopher Steele &amp; his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers &amp; documents without redaction? Come on Jeff, you can do it, the country is waiting!

Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations. Jeff, this is GREAT, what everyone wants, so look into all of the corruption on the other side including deleted Emails, Comey lies &amp; leaks, Mueller conflicts, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr

Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous value created since the Election. The World is respecting us again! Companies are moving back to the U.S.A

Target CEO raves about the Economy. This is the best consumer environment Ive seen in my career. A big statement from a top executive. But virtually everybody is saying this, &amp; when our Trade Deals are made, &amp; cost cutting done, you havent seen anything yet!  @DRUDGE_REPORT

And according to Polls, would do even better today!

Cindy has voted for our Agenda in the Senate 100% of the time and has my complete and total Endorsement. We need Cindy to win in Mississippi!

@cindyhydesmith has helped me put America First! Shes strong on the Wall, is helping me create Jobs, loves our Vets and fights for our conservative judges

I have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide Hawaii the necessary support ahead of #HurricaneLane. Our teams are closely coordinating with the state and local authorities. You are in our thoughts!

It was my great honor to host the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act Roundtable today at the @WhiteHouse!

NO COLLUSION - RIGGED WITCH HUNT!

I have asked Secretary of State @SecPompeo to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers. @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews

I have asked Secretary of State @MikePompeo4USA to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers. @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNews

The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is, they forgot to campaign in numerous states!

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt tomorrow from 6:00 A.M. to 9:00 A.M.  Enjoy!

Longest bull run in the history of the stock market, congratulations America!

Everyone in the path of #HurricaneLane please prepare yourselves, heed the advice of State and local officials, and follow @NWSHonolulu for updates. Be safe!

Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on @foxandfriends for our deporting a longtime resident Nazi back to Germany! Others worked on this for decades

Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled!

A large number of counts, ten, could not even be decided in the Paul Manafort case. Witch Hunt!

I feel very badly for Paul Manafort and his wonderful family. Justice took a 12 year old tax case, among other things, applied tremendous pressure on him and, unlike Michael Cohen, he refused to break - make up stories in order to get a deal. Such respect for a brave man!

If anyone is looking for a good lawyer, I would strongly suggest that you dont retain the services of Michael Cohen!

Thank you West Virginia. I love you!

MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Just landed in West Virginia. Big crowd, looking forward to seeing everyone soon! #MAGA

Join me tonight at the Charleston Civic Center in West Virginia at 7:00pmE! Tickets:

To the incredible people of the Great State of Wyoming: Go VOTE TODAY for Foster Friess - He will be a fantastic Governor! Strong on Crime, Borders &amp; 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!

Bill DeBlasio, the high taxing Mayor of NYC, just stole my campaign slogan: PROMISES MADE  PROMISES KEPT! Thats not at all nice. No imagination! @foxandfriends

Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U.S. Senate. I have done so much for West Virginia, against all odds, and having Patrick, a real fighter, by my side, would make things so much easier. See you later. CLEAN COAL!!!!

I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY! If there were no serious consequences, our country would be overrun with people trying to get in, and our system could not handle it!

Fake News, of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired New Yorker) falsely reported that I was going to take the extraordinary step of denying Intelligence Briefings to President Obama. Never discussed or thought of!

Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesnt lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress!

A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength!

I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Partys California Gubernatorial Candidate, John Cox. He is a very successful businessman who is tired of high Taxes &amp; Crime. He will Make California Great Again &amp;  make you proud of your Great State again. Total Endorsement!

Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign &amp; do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person, A.G. Patrick Morrisey, who is running for the U.S. Senate. Patrick has great Energy &amp; Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA. Total Endorsement!

Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful @PARISDENNARD over Brennans Security Clearance. Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance. Should be REVOKED? @seanhannity

@DianeHarkey is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment &amp; potential. She is running as a very popular Republican for the Congressional seat of my friend Darrell Issa-with his complete support. Diane is strong on crime, loves our Military &amp; Vets-has my total Endorsement!

It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U.S. Postal System from China. We can, and must, END THIS NOW! The Senate should pass the STOP ACT  and firmly STOP this poison from killing our children and destroying our country. No more delay!

Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what apparently didnt happen. Darrell Issa, House Oversight. We can take out the word apparently.  @FoxNews

Will Bruce Ohr, whose family received big money for helping to create the phony, dirty and discredited Dossier, ever be fired from the Jeff Sessions  Justice Department? A total joke!

Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance, its worth great prestige and big dollars, even board seats, and that is why certain people are coming forward to protect Brennan. It certainly isnt because of the good job he did! He is a political hack

I hope John Brennan, the worst CIA Director in our countrys history, brings a lawsuit. It will then be very easy to get all of his records, texts, emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did, but how he was involved with the Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt. He wont sue!

Wheres the Collusion? They made up a phony crime called Collusion, and when there was no Collusion they say there was Obstruction (of a phony crime that never existed). If you FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt, they scream Obstruction!

looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining peoples lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the Democrat side - the lies, the firings, the deleted Emails and soooo much more! Muellers Angry Dems are looking to impact the election. They are a National Disgrace!

Disgraced and discredited Bob Mueller and his whole group of Angry Democrat Thugs spent over 30 hours with the White House Councel, only with my approval, for purposes of transparency. Anybody needing that much time when they know there is no Russian Collusion is just someone

Study the late Joseph McCarthy, because we are now in period with Mueller and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy look like a baby! Rigged Witch Hunt!

Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward. From the day I announced, the Times has been Fake News, and with their disgusting new Board Member, it will only get worse!

The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President, when in fact it is just the opposite - &amp; the two Fake reporters knew this. This is why the Fake News Media has become the Enemy of the People. So bad for America!

No Collusion and No Obstruction, except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruption, yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction. What about the Brennan, Comey, McCabe, Strzok lies to Congress, or Crookeds Emails!

and have demanded transparency so that this Rigged and Disgusting Witch Hunt can come to a close. So many lives have been ruined over nothing - McCarthyism at its WORST! Yet Mueller &amp; his gang of Dems refuse to look at the real crimes on the other side - Media is even worse!

The failing @nytimes wrote a Fake piece today implying that because White House Councel Don McGahn was giving hours of testimony to the Special Councel, he must be a John Dean type RAT. But I allowed him and all others to testify - I didnt have to. I have nothing to hide

I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!

I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Councel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!

The United States has ended the ridiculous 230 Million Dollar yearly development payment to Syria. Saudi Arabia and other rich countries in the Middle East will start making payments instead of the U.S. I want to develop the U.S., our military and countries that help us!

The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. Importantly, there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time!

Great Job  Rachel Campos-Duffy on @foxandfriends

Has anyone looked at the mistakes that John Brennan made while serving as CIA Director? He will go down as easily the WORST in history &amp; since getting out, he has become nothing less than a loudmouth, partisan, political hack who cannot be trusted with the secrets to our country!

All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction, China. But in the end, if we are smart, tough and well prepared, we will get along with everyone!

Too many voices are being destroyed, some good &amp; some bad, and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making the choices, because I can already tell you that too many mistakes are being made. Let everybody participate, good &amp; bad, and we will all just have to figure it out!

Censorship is a very dangerous thing &amp; absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News, there is nothing so Fake as CNN &amp; MSNBC, &amp; yet I do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. I get used to it and watch with a grain of salt, or dont watch at all

Social Media is totally discriminating against Republican/Conservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the Trump Administration, we wont let that happen. They are closing down the opinions of many people on the RIGHT, while at the same time doing nothing to others

financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation, Bribery Statute Violation, Honest Services Violation....all Major Crimes....because the DOJ is run by BLANK Jeff Sessions......  Gregg Jarrett.  So when does Mueller do what must be done? Probably never! @FoxNews

Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, its astonishing that hes still employed. Bruce &amp; Nelly Ohrs bank account is getting fatter &amp; fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesnt disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal

Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, its astonishingthat hes still employed. Bruce &amp; Nelly Ohrs bank account is getting fatter &amp; fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesnt disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal

Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed.  Charles Payne  @FoxBusiness   How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED!

I say Andrews was a bigger and more incompetent blunder. He should easily win his race against a Super Liberal Actress, but his political career is over!

Which is worse, Hightax Andrew Cuomos statement, WERE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT or Hillary Clintons DEPLORABLES statement

When a politician admits that Were not going to make America great again, there doesnt seem to be much reason to ever vote for him. This could be a career threatening statement by Andrew Cuomo, with many wanting him to resign-he will get higher ratings than his brother Chris!

Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about Americas lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military- setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew choked badly, mistake!

Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about Americas lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military- setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew chocked badly, mistake!

The U.S. has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago

Just announced, youth unemployment is at a 50 year low!  @foxandfriends

attend the big parade already scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a different date, &amp; go to the Paris parade, celebrating the end of the War, on November 11th. Maybe we will do something next year in D.C. when the cost comes WAY DOWN. Now we can buy some more jet fighters!

The local politicians who run Washington, D.C. (poorly) know a windfall when they see it. When asked to give us a price for holding a great celebratory military parade, they wanted a number so ridiculously high that I cancelled it. Never let someone hold you up! I will instead

How does a politician, Cuomo, known for pushing people and businesses out of his state, not to mention having the highest taxes in the U.S., survive making the statement, WERE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT? Which section of the sentence is worse?

In speaking with some of the worlds top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business (jobs) even better in the U.S. Stop quarterly reporting &amp; go to a six month system, said one. That would allow greater flexibility &amp; save money. I have asked the SEC to study!

released in 2017. If his statement is based on intelligence he has seen since leaving office, it constitutes an intelligence breach......  Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intel Cmte Chair  @LouDobbs

Director Brennans recent statements purport to know as fact that the Trump campaign colluded with a foreign power. If Director Brennans statement is based on intelligence he received while leading the CIA, why didnt he include it in the Intelligence Community Assessment

An incredibly corrupt FBI &amp; DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election. Brennan has gone off the deep end, hes disgraced and discredited himself. His conduct has been outrageous. Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch

How can Senator Richard Blumenthal, who went around for twenty years as a Connecticut politician bragging that he was a great Marine war hero in Vietnam (then got caught and sobbingly admitted he was neither a Marine nor ever in Vietnam), pass judgement on anyone? Loser!

@TuckerCarlson speaking of John Brennan: How did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be CIA Director in the first place? Now that is a really good question! Then followed by Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut is a FAKE War Hero... So true, a total Fake!

Very concerned about Comeys firing, afraid they will be exposed, said Bruce Ohr. DOJs Emails &amp; Notes show Bruce Ohrs connection to (phony &amp; discredited) Trump Dossier. A creep thinking he would get caught in a dishonest act. Rigged Witch Hunt!

While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets, he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch.  Catherine Herridge of @FoxNews  @LouDobbs  In other words, they were colluding with Russia!

The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr (of the Justice Department &amp; whose wife Nelly worked for Fusion GPS). Disgraced and fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok. This is too crazy to be believed! The Rigged Witch Hunt has zero credibility

Turkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor, who I must now ask to represent our Country as a great patriot hostage. We will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man, but we are cutting back on Turkey!

Thank you for the kind words Omarosa!

Great @Cabinet meeting today at the @WhiteHouse!

The Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin, is dead. She was a great woman, with a wonderful gift from God, her voice. She will be missed!

There is nothing that I would want more for our Country than true FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. The fact is that the Press is FREE to write and say anything it wants, but much of what it says is FAKE NEWS, pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people. HONESTY WINS!

The Boston Globe, which was sold to the the Failing New York Times for 1.3 BILLION DOLLARS (plus 800 million dollars in losses &amp; investment), or 2.1 BILLION DOLLARS, was then sold by the Times for 1 DOLLAR. Now the Globe is in COLLUSION with other papers on free press. PROVE IT!

THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE OPPOSITION PARTY. It is very bad for our Great Country....BUT WE ARE WINNING!

Our Economy is doing better than ever. Money is pouring into our cherished DOLLAR like rarely before, companies earnings are higher than ever, inflation is low &amp; business optimism is higher than it has ever been. For the first time in many decades, we are protecting our workers!

Id strip the whole bunch of them. Theyre all corrupt. Theyve all abused their power. Theyve all betrayed the American people with a political agenda. They tried to steal and influence an election in the United States. @seanhannity

Mark Levin When they had power they didnt stop the Russians, the Chinese, the North Koreans, they funded the Iranians &amp; are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election &amp; trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency

WERE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT. Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!

WERE NOT GONG TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.  Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!

Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI. We have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were going to frame Donald Trump concerning the Rigged Witch Hunt. JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney

John Brennan is a stain on the Country, we deserve better than this. Former Secret Service Agent and author of new book, Spygate, the Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump, Dan Bongino. Thank you Dan, and good luck with the book!

Chuck Schumer, I agree!

Our Country was built on Tariffs, and Tariffs are now leading us to great new Trade Deals - as opposed to the horrible and unfair Trade Deals that I inherited as your President. Other Countries should not be allowed to come in and steal the wealth of our great U.S.A. No longer!

Happy Birthday to the leader of the Democrat Party, Maxine Waters!

The action (the Strzok firing) was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by what has been described as Comeys skinny inner circle.  Chris Swecker, former FBI Assistant Director

The Rigged Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on as the originators and founders of this scam continue to be fired and demoted for their corrupt and illegal activity. All credibility is gone from this terrible Hoax, and much more will be lost as it proceeds. No Collusion!

My friend and very early supporter Kris Kobach won the Republican Nomination for Governor of Kansas last night in a tough race against a very fine opponent. Kris will win in November and be a great Governor. He has my complete and total Endorsement!

It is about time that Connecticut had a real and talented Governor. Bob Stefanowski is the person needed to do the job. Tough on crime, Bob is also a big cutter of Taxes. He will win in November and make a Great Governor, a major difference maker. Bob has my total Endorsement!

@PeteStauber won big last night in Minnesota. A big star in Hockey, he will be an even bigger star in politics. It all begins with a win in November. Pete has my complete and total Endorsement!

People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who entered the U.S. legally. Chuck Schumer in 2009, before he went left and haywire!  @foxandfriends

Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. You will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!

Jeff Johnson of Minnesota had a big night in winning the Republican nomination for Governor against a very strong and well known opponent! Thanks for all of the support you showed me. You have my complete and total Endorsement. You will win in November!

Scott Walker is very special and will have another great win in November. He has done a fantastic job as Governor of Wisconsin and will always have my full support and Endorsement!

Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. Your will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!

Congratulations to Leah Vukmir of Wisconsin on your great win last night. You beat a very tough and good competitor and will make a fantastic Senator after winning in November against someone who has done very little. You have my complete and total Endorsement!

People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who enters the U.S. legally.  Chuck Schumer in 2009, before he went left and haywire!  @foxandfriends

Great Republican election results last night. So far we have the team we want. 8 for 9 in Special Elections. Red Wave!

Hope and Change in an Alabama Coal Mine

Lou Dobbs: This cannot go forward...this Special Counsel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated. Thank you Lou, so true!

Strzok started the illegal Rigged Witch Hunt - why isnt this so-called probe ended immediately? Why arent these angry and conflicted Democrats instead looking at Crooked Hillary?

Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud, as is the rigged investigation he started. There was no Collusion or Obstruction with Russia, and everybody, including the Democrats, know it. The only Collusion and Obstruction was by Crooked Hillary, the Democrats and the DNC!

They were all in on it, clear Hillary Clinton and FRAME Donald Trump for things he didnt do. Gregg Jarrett on @foxandfriends  If we had a real Attorney General, this Witch Hunt would never have been started! Looking at the wrong people

Bruce Ohr of the Justice Department (can you believe he is still there) is accused of helping disgraced Christopher Steele find dirt on Trump. Ohrs wife, Nelly, was in on the act big time - worked for Fusion GPS on Fake Dossier. @foxandfriends

Another terrorist attack in London...These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength!

When you give a crazed, crying lowlife a break, and give her a job at the White House, I guess it just didnt work out. Good work by General Kelly for quickly firing that dog!

Lou Dobbs: This cannot go forward...this Special Councel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated. Thank you Lou, so true!

should be shut down. The Strzok firing shows that the fundamental underpinnings of the investigation were corrupt. It should be shut down by the courts or by honest prosecutors. Thank you Judicial Watch, I couldnt have said it better myself!

guy was corrupt and had anti-Trump animus. Strzok and others at the FBI should be criminally investigated for the way the conducted this investigation. Instead, Mueller is pretending nothing went wrong. He used Strzok, he used the Clinton DNC Dossier...the whole thing

Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch: The Strzok firing is as much about the Mueller operation as anything else. There would be no Mueller Special Councel to investigate so called collusion but for the machinations of Strzok &amp; his colleagues at the top levels of the FBI. We know this

such wonderful and powerful things about me - a true Champion of Civil Rights - until she got fired. Omarosa had Zero credibility with the Media (they didnt want interviews) when she worked in the White House. Now that she says bad about me, they will talk to her. Fake News!

@MarkBurnettTV called to say that there are NO TAPES of the Apprentice where I used such a terrible and disgusting word as attributed by Wacky and Deranged Omarosa. I dont have that word in my vocabulary, and never have. She made it up. Look at her MANY recent quotes saying

Scott Walker of Wisconsin is a tremendous Governor who has done incredible things for that Great State. He has my complete &amp; total Endorsement! He brought the amazing Foxconn to Wisconsin with its 15,000 Jobs-and so much more. Vote for Scott on Tuesday in the Republican Primary!

Trumps foreign policy is actually boosting Americas standing

It was my great honor to sign our new Defense Bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the history of the world: THE U.S. ARMY. The National Defense Authorization Act is the most significant investment in our Military and our warfighters in modern history!

Pete Stauber is running for Congress in Minnesota. He will make for a great Congressman. Pete is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Vote for Pete tomorrow. He has my full and total Endorsement!

Great to be in Fort Drum, New York with our HEROES!

Just landed at Fort Drum, New York. Looking forward to making a speech about our GREAT HEROES!

Brooks Koepka just won his third Golf Major, and he did it not only with his powerful game, but with his powerful mind. He has been a man of steel on the Tour and will have many Victories, including Majors, ahead of him. Congrats to Brooks and his great team on a job well done!

Wacky Omarosa already has a fully signed Non-Disclosure Agreement!

Just fired Agent Strzok, formerly of the FBI, was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone!

Agent Peter Strzok was just fired from the FBI - finally. The list of bad players in the FBI &amp; DOJ gets longer &amp; longer. Based on the fact that Strzok was in charge of the Witch Hunt, will it be dropped? It is a total Hoax. No Collusion, No Obstruction - I just fight back!

The very unpopular Governor of Ohio (and failed presidential candidate) @JohnKasich hurt Troy Baldersons recent win by tamping down enthusiasm for an otherwise great candidate. Even Kasichs Lt. Governor lost Gov. race because of his unpopularity. Credit to Troy on the BIG WIN!

While I know its not presidential to take on a lowlife like Omarosa, and while I would rather not be doing so, this is a modern day form of communication and I know the Fake News Media will be working overtime to make even Wacky Omarosa look legitimate as possible. Sorry!

really bad things. Nasty to people &amp; would constantly miss meetings &amp; work. When Gen. Kelly came on board he told me she was a loser &amp; nothing but problems. I told him to try working it out, if possible, because she only said GREAT things about me - until she got fired!

Wacky Omarosa, who got fired 3 times on the Apprentice, now got fired for the last time. She never made it, never will. She begged me for a job, tears in her eyes, I said Ok. People in the White House hated her. She was vicious, but not smart. I would rarely see her but heard

Seems like the Department of Justice (and FBI) had a program to keep Donald Trump from becoming President. @DarrellIssa  @foxandfriends  If this had happened to the other side, everybody involved would be in jail. This is a Media coverup of the biggest story of our time

Many @harleydavidson owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas. Great! Most other companies are coming in our direction, including Harley competitors. A really bad move! U.S. will soon have a level playing field, or better

@GovMikeHuckabee Your paycheck is bigger, your pension is stronger. @foxandfriends  Unemployment numbers are better than they have been in 50 years, &amp; perhaps ever. Our country is booming like never before - and it will get even better! Many companies moving back to the U.S.A

@JudgeJeanine  Bob Mueller, isnt your whole investigation premised on a Fake Dossier, paid for by Hillary, created by a man who hates Donald Trump, &amp; used to con a FISA Court Judge. Bob, I really think its time for you to give up your phony investigation. No Collusion!

Bikers for Trump at Bedminster earlier today. Thank you!

Hundreds of Bikers for Trump just joined me at Bedminster. Quite a scene - great people who truly love our Country!

Do you believe Nelly worked for Fusion and her husband STILL WORKS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE. I have never seen anything so Rigged in my life. Our A.G. is scared stiff and Missing in Action. It is all starting to be revealed - not pretty. IG Report soon?  Witch Hunt!

The big story that the Fake News Media refuses to report is lowlife Christopher Steeles many meetings with Deputy A.G. Bruce Ohr and his beautiful wife, Nelly. It was Fusion GPS that hired Steele to write the phony &amp; discredited Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp; the DNC

I am proud to have fought for and secured the LOWEST African American and Hispanic unemployment rates in history. Now Im pushing for prison reform to give people who have paid their debt to society a second chance. I will never stop fighting for ALL Americans!

The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division. We must come together as a nation. I condemn all types of racism and acts of violence. Peace to ALL Americans!

Will the FBI ever recover its once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!

Why isnt the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text messages  to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they wont give up even one (I may have to get involved, DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people

Will the FBI ever recover its once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!

Why isnt the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text massages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they wont give up even one (I may have to get involved, DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people

Deal with Mexico is coming along nicely. Autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal. New President of Mexico has been an absolute gentleman. Canada must wait. Their Tariffs and Trade Barriers are far too high. Will tax cars if we cant make a deal!

Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH. One new and great FACT - African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in the history of our Country. So honored by this. Thank you Kanye for your support. It is making a big difference!

Had a very good phone call with @EmmanuelMacron, President of France. Discussed various subjects, in particular Security and Trade. Many other calls and conversations today. Looking forward to dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. He is investing big dollars in U.S.A

Democrats, please do not distance yourselves from Nancy Pelosi. She is a wonderful person whose ideas &amp; policies may be bad, but who should definitely be given a 4th chance. She is trying very hard &amp; has every right to take down the Democrat Party if she has veered too far left!

I have just authorized a doubling of Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum with respect to Turkey as their currency, the Turkish Lira, slides rapidly downward against our very strong Dollar! Aluminum will now be 20% and Steel 50%. Our relations with Turkey are not good at this time!

Be happy, be cool! A football game, that fans are paying soooo much money to watch and enjoy, is no place to protest. Most of that money goes to the players anyway. Find another way to protest. Stand proudly for your National Anthem or be Suspended Without Pay!

The NFL players are at it again - taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the National Anthem. Numerous players, from different teams, wanted to show their outrage at something that most of them are unable to define. They make a fortune doing what they love

@MariaBartiromo  No evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians - and here we are, a year and a half later

Jenna Ellis  FBI thought they wouldnt get caught because they thought that Hillary was going to win. There is overt bias and that depends on whether you are Democrat or Republican - a double standard that needs to stop

@LindseyGrahamSC  Why didnt the FBI tell President Trump that they had concerns about Carter Page? Is there a double standard here? They told Senator Diane Feinstein that she had a spy - but not Trump. Is that entrapment or did they just want to use Page as an excuse to SPY?

Congressman Ted Yoho of Florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total Endorsement! Tough on Crime and Borders, Ted was really helpful on Tax Cuts. Vote all the way for Ted in the upcoming Primary - he will never let you down!

Space Force all the way!

This is an illegally brought Rigged Witch Hunt run by people who are totally corrupt and/or conflicted. It was started and paid for by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. Phony Dossier, FISA disgrace and so many lying and dishonest people already fired. 17 Angry Dems? Stay tuned!

There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to fix the 2016 election. In fact the evidence is the opposite, that Hillary Clinton &amp; the Democrats colluded with the Russians to fix the 2016 election. @GrahamLedger

RED WAVE!

Congratulations to @LenaEpstein of Michigan on a job well done. Also, thanks for your great support!

As long as I campaign and/or support Senate and House candidates (within reason), they will win! I LOVE the people, &amp; they certainly seem to like the job Im doing. If I find the time, in between China, Iran, the Economy and much more, which I must, we will have a giant Red Wave!

The Republicans have now won 8 out of 9 House Seats, yet if you listen to the Fake News Media you would think we are being clobbered. Why cant they play it straight, so unfair to the Republican Party and in particular, your favorite President!

5 for 5!

Congratulations to Josh Hawley on your big Senate Primary win in Missouri. I look forward to working with you toward a big win in November. We need you in Washington!

Congratulations to Bill Schuette. You will have a Big win in November and be a tremendous Governor for the Great State of Michigan. Lots of car and other companies moving back!

Congratulations to a future STAR of the Republican Party, future Senator John James. A big and bold victory tonight in the Great State of Michigan - the first of many. November cant come fast enough!

Congratulations to Troy Balderson on a great win in Ohio. A very special and important race!

When I decided to go to Ohio for Troy Balderson, he was down in early voting 64 to 36. That was not good. After my speech on Saturday night, there was a big turn for the better. Now Troy wins a great victory during a very tough time of the year for voting. He will win BIG in Nov

Today, on the 236th anniversary of the Purple Heart, we honor the members of our Armed Forces for serving as the vanguard of American democracy and freedom around the world. #PurpleHeartDay

Ohio, vote today for Troy Balderson for Congress. His opponent, controlled by Nancy Pelosi, is weak on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets, your 2nd Amendment - and will end your Tax Cuts. Troy will be a great Congressman. #MAGA

The Iran sanctions have officially been cast. These are the most biting sanctions ever imposed, and in November they ratchet up to yet another level. Anyone doing business with Iran will NOT be doing business with the United States. I am asking for WORLD PEACE, nothing less!

California wildfires are being magnified &amp; made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which arent allowing massive amounts of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire from spreading!

Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that are protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry, we cant let that happen! Also, change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!

Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that our protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry, we cant let that happen!Also, change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!

John James is a potential Republican Star who has a Senate primary election tomorrow in Michigan. If he becomes the Republican candidate, he will beat the Open Borders, weak on Crime, Democrat, Debbie Stabenow. Vote for John James and Make America Great Again!

Governor Jerry Brown must allow the Free Flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the North and foolishly being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Can be used for fires, farming and everything else. Think of California with plenty of Water - Nice! Fast Federal govt. approvals

Kris Kobach, a strong and early supporter of mine, is running for Governor of the Great State of Kansas.  He is a fantastic guy who loves his State and our Country - he will be a GREAT Governor and has my full &amp; total Endorsement! Strong on Crime, Border &amp; Military. VOTE TUESDAY!

Great financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis. Economy has never been better, jobs at best point in history. Fixing our terrible Trade Deals is a priority-and going very well. Immigration on Merit Based System to take care of the companies coming back to U.S.A

a law firm, eventually Kremlin connected sources, to gather info on Donald Trump. Collusion is very real with Russia, but only with Hillary and the Democrats, and we should demand a full investigation. Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  Looking forward to the new IG Report!

Collusion with Russia was very real. Hillary Clinton and her team 100% colluded with the Russians, and so did Adam Schiff who is on tape trying to collude with what he thought was Russians to obtain compromising material on DJT. We also know that Hillary Clinton paid through

California wildfires are being magnified &amp; made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which arent allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire   spreading!

Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy, military and just about everything else. Better numbers than Obama at this point, by far. We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave, but there might be a Red Wave!

Too bad a large portion of the Media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the Rigged Witch Hunt - but that is why we call them FAKE NEWS!

Why arent Mueller and the 17 Angry Democrats looking at the meetings concerning the Fake Dossier and all of the lying that went on in the FBI and DOJ? This is the most one sided Witch Hunt in the history of our country. Fortunately, the facts are all coming out, and fast!

Fake News reporting, a complete fabrication, that I am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son, Donald, had in Trump Tower. This was a meeting to get information on an opponent, totally legal and done all the time in politics - and it went nowhere. I did not know about it!

Because of Tariffs we will be able to start paying down large amounts of the $21 Trillion in debt that has been accumulated, much by the Obama Administration, while at the same time reducing taxes for our people. At minimum, we will make much better Trade Deals for our country!

Tariffs are working big time. Every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the U.S., always to our detriment. I say, as they come,Tax them. If they dont want to be taxed, let them make or build the product in the U.S. In either event, it means jobs and great wealth

The Fake News hates me saying that they are the Enemy of the People only because they know its TRUE. I am providing a great service by explaining this to the American People. They purposely cause great division &amp; distrust. They can also cause War! They are very dangerous &amp; sick!

Danny OConnor is a total puppet for Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters  Danny wants to raise your taxes, open your borders, and take away your 2nd Amendment. Vote for Troy on Tuesday!

A great night in Ohios 12th Congressional District with Troy Balderson! Troy loves Ohio, and he loves the people of Ohio. He will be fighting for you all the way

Thank you Ohio. I love you!

Iran, and its economy, is going very bad, and fast! I will meet, or not meet, it doesnt matter - it is up to them!

Heading to Ohio!

China, which is for the first time doing poorly against us, is spending a fortune on ads and P.R. trying to convince and scare our politicians to fight me on Tariffs- because they are really hurting their economy. Likewise other countries. We are Winning, but must be strong!

Tariffs will make our country much richer than it is today. Only fools would disagree. We are using them to negotiate fair trade deals and, if countries are still unwilling to negotiate, they will pay us vast sums of money in the form of Tariffs. We win either way

Tariffs have had a tremendous positive impact on our Steel Industry. Plants are opening all over the U.S., Steelworkers are working again, and big dollars are flowing into our Treasury. Other countries use Tariffs against, but when we use them, foolish people scream!

Tariffs are working far better than anyone ever anticipated. China market has dropped 27% in last 4months, and they are talking to us. Our market is stronger than ever, and will go up dramatically when these horrible Trade Deals are successfully renegotiated. America First

HAPPY BIRTHDAY @USCG!

Troy Balderson, running for Congress from Ohio, is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying about his relationship with Nancy Pelosi, who is weak on Crime, Borders &amp; your 2nd Amendment-and wants to raise your Taxes (by a lot). Vote for Troy on Tuesday!

Will be going to Ohio tonight to campaign for Troy Balderson for the big Congressional Special Election on Tuesday. Early voting is on. Troy is strong on Crime, the Border &amp; loves our Military, Vets &amp; 2nd Amendment. His opponent is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi/high taxes

Lebron James was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon. He made Lebron look smart, which isnt easy to do. I like Mike!

Dianne is the person leading our Nation on Collusion with Russia (only done by Dems). Will she now investigate herself?

Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett on his book, THE RUSSIA HOAX, THE ILLICIT SCHEME TO CLEAR HILLARY CLINTON AND FRAME DONALD TRUMP, going to #1 on @nytimes and Amazon. It is indeed a HOAX and WITCH HUNT, illegally started by people who have already been disgraced. Great book!

Great photo from Ocean City, Maryland. Thank you. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Almost 500,000 Manufacturing Jobs created since I won the Election. Remember when my opponents were saying that we couldnt create this type of job anymore. Wrong, in fact these are among our best and most important jobs!

The media are good news fire extinguishers! @greggutfeld @TheFive

NASA, which is making a BIG comeback under the Trump Administration, has just named 9 astronauts for Boeing and Spacex space flights. We have the greatest facilities in the world and we are now letting the private sector pay to use them. Exciting things happening. Space Force!

July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4%. Our economy has added 3.7 million jobs since I won the Election. 4.1 GDP. More than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform. $400 Billion brought back from overseas. @FoxNews

Marsha Blackburn had a BIG win last night in the Tennessee primary for U.S. Senate. She is an outstanding person &amp; great supporter of mine. Congratulations Marsha, we need you very badly in the Senate to vote for our agenda. Your next opponent will vote against all we are doing!

Pastor praises Trump as pro-black at prison reform event

Congratulations Marsha!

Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night.  He ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in November. Bill has my total and enthusiastic Endorsement!

Thank you Pennsylvania. I love you!

They asked my daughter Ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people. She correctly said no. It is the FAKE NEWS, which is a large percentage of the media, that is the enemy of the people!

Looking forward to being in the Great State of Ohio on Saturday night where I will be campaigning hard for a truly talented future Congressman, @Troy_Balderson. See you all then! Tickets:

When the House and Senate meet on the very important Farm Bill  we love our farmers - hopefully they will be able to leave the WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR FOOD STAMPS PROVISION that the House approved. Senate should go to 51 votes!

Pennsylvania has to love Trump because unlike all of the others before me, I am bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG way. Plants opening up in Pennsylvania, and all over the Country, and Congressman Lou Barletta, who is running for the Senate in Pennsylvania, is really helping!

Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election. Will be campaigning hard for an original supporter, Lou Barletta, to replace a weak an ineffective Senator, Bob Casey. Lou is tough and smart, loves PA and our Country!

Congressman Steve Stivers of Ohio has done a fantastic job as Chairman of the @NRCC. He is a great Congressman who is tough on crime &amp; borders &amp; an inspiration to our Military &amp; Vets. Big on 2nd Amendment. Get out and vote for Steve on Aug 7th. He has my full &amp; total endorsement!

Working hard, thank you!

Wow, @foxandfriends is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings. Morning Joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly, Fake News CNN is also doing poorly. Too much hate and inaccurately reported stories - too predictable!

Charles Koch of Koch Brothers, who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though I know very few who have seen this (?), now makes the ridiculous statement that what President Trump is doing is unfair to foreign workers. He is correct, AMERICA FIRST!

Thank you to Chairman Kim Jong Un for keeping your word &amp; starting the process of sending home the remains of our great and beloved missing fallen! I am not at all surprised that you took this kind action. Also, thank you for your nice letter - l look forward to seeing you soon!

Congratulations to  @GreggJarrett on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book, The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp; Frame Donald Trump. Already number one on Amazon. Hard work from a brilliant guy. Its the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt!

Incredibly beautiful ceremony as U.S. Korean War remains are returned to American soil. Thank you to Honolulu and all of our great Military participants on a job well done. A special thanks to Vice President Mike Pence on delivering a truly magnificent tribute!

Private payrolls boom in July, increasing by 219,000 vs 185,000 estimate: ADP

Join me tomorrow night at 7pmE in Wilkes-Barre Township, Pennsylvania for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets:

#PledgeToAmericasWorkers

It was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our Nation today at the @WhiteHouse!

We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad? Marc Thiessen, Washington Post

Looking back on history, who was treated worse, Alfonse Capone, legendary mob boss, killer and Public Enemy Number One, or Paul Manafort, political operative &amp; Reagan/Dole darling, now serving solitary confinement - although convicted of nothing? Where is the Russian Collusion?

We already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad? Marc Thiessen, Washington Post

Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt. Disgraceful!

Paul Manafort worked for Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders. He worked for me for a very short time. Why didnt government tell me that he was under investigation. These old charges have nothing to do with Collusion - a Hoax!

This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further. Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!

remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated. This is a real issue. It wont go into a Mueller Report because Mueller is going to protect these guys. Mueller has an interest in creating the illusion of objectivity around his investigation. ALAN DERSHOWITZ

FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one. He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP. He needed an insurance policy. Those are illegal, improper goals, trying to influence the Election. He should never, ever been allowed to

Thank you Florida. I love you!

On my way to Tampa, Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon!

Worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008

Border Security is National Security, and National Security is the long-term viability of our Country. A Government Shutdown is a very small price to pay for a safe and Prosperous America!

I dont care what the political ramifications are, our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades, and there is no way that the Democrats will allow it to be fixed without a Government Shutdown

@SenJohnBarrasso has a Primary on August 21st. He doesnt need any help because he is absolutely outstanding in every way, but I hope the great people of Wyoming will go out and show their support anyway. John is absolutely top of the line &amp; has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!

Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my Full and Total Endorsement!

The Fake News Media is going CRAZY! They are totally unhinged and in many ways, after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people, I enjoy watching. In 7 years, when I am no longer in office, their ratings will dry up and they will be gone!

Will be in Tampa tonight. A big year for @RepDeSantis, who will be a great governor for Florida. Strong on Crime, Borders and our 2nd Amendment. Big help on Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Has my Full &amp; Total Endorsement!

I am looking into 3-D Plastic Guns being sold to the public. Already spoke to NRA, doesnt seem to make much sense!

Collusion is not a crime, but that doesnt matter because there was No Collusion (except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats)!

One of the reasons we need Great Border Security is that Mexicos murder rate in 2017 increased by 27% to 31,174 people killed, a record! The Democrats want Open Borders. I want Maximum Border Security and respect for ICE and our great Law Enforcement Professionals! @FoxNews

Rush Limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it!

them richer. Their network is highly overrated, I have beaten them at every turn. They want to protect their companies outside the U.S. from being taxed, Im for America First &amp; the American Worker - a puppet for no one. Two nice guys with bad ideas. Make America Great Again!

The globalist Koch Brothers, who have become a total joke in real Republican circles, are against Strong Borders and Powerful Trade. I never sought their support because I dont need their money or bad ideas. They love my Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, Judicial picks &amp; more. I made

MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

A highly respected Federal judge today stated that the Trump Administration gets great credit for reuniting illegal families. Thank you, and please look at the previous administrations record - not good!

Congratulations to our new @DeptVetAffairs Secretary, Robert Wilkie!

Thank you to @RandPaul for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court, Brett Kavanaugh. Your vote means a lot to me, and to everyone who loves our Country!

that Open Borders, large scale Crime, and abolishing ICE is good for them, we must get smart and finally do what must be done for the Safety and Security of our Country!

Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games, with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws, and with Democrats thinking

Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new #1 best-selling book, Liars, Leakers, and Liberals  The Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy!

your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote, or vote on August 7th, Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement!

@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Troy is strong on crime and Borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. Troy will strongly protect

Congratulations to General John Kelly. Today we celebrate his first full year as @WhiteHouse Chief of Staff!

It is my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy to the @WhiteHouse! Join us at 2:00pmE for our joint press conference:

We must have Border Security, get rid of Chain, Lottery, Catch &amp; Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration. Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and, of course, keep building, but much faster, THE WALL!

Also, why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems, some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary, others, including himself, have worked for Obama....And why isnt Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity &amp; real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta, Dossier?

Is Robert Mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to President Trump, including the fact that we had a very nasty &amp; contentious business relationship, I turned him down to head the FBI (one day before appointment as S.C.) &amp; Comey is his close friend

There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt, headed now by 17 (increased from 13, including an Obama White House lawyer) Angry Democrats, was started by a fraudulent Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. Therefore, the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam!

and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change!

accurately. 90% of media coverage of my Administration is negative, despite the tremendously positive results we are achieving, its no surprise that confidence in the media is at an all time low! I will not allow our great country to be sold out by anti-Trump haters in the

dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up, our country is making great progress under my leadership and I will never stop fighting for the American people! As an example, the failing New York Times

When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our government, it  truly puts the lives of many, not just journalists, at risk! Very unpatriotic! Freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to report the news

I would be willing to shut down government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security, which includes the Wall! Must get rid of Lottery, Catch &amp; Release etc. and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT! We need great people coming into our Country!

The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP report was that the quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduced by $52 Billion and, of course, the historically low unemployment numbers, especially for African Americans, Hispanics, Asians and Women

Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A.G. Sulzberger, Publisher of the New York Times. Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media &amp; how that Fake News has morphed into phrase, Enemy of the People. Sad!

Please understand, there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally, whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST &amp; WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote R

Do you think the Fake News Media will ever report on this tweet from Michael?

Wow, highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. There must be something wrong, please recheck that poll!

Tom Homan, fmr ICE Director: There is nobody that has done more for border security &amp; public safety than President Trump. Ive worked for six presidents, and I respect them all, but nobody has done more than this Administration &amp; President Trump, thats just a stone cold fact!

Join me in Tampa, Florida next Tuesday, July 31st at 7:00pmE for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets:

The only things the Democrats do well is Resist, which is their campaign slogan, and Obstruct. Cryin Chuck Schumer has almost 400 great American people that are waiting forever to serve our Country! A total disgrace. Mitch M should not let them go home until all approved!

Democrats, who want Open Borders and care little about Crime, are incompetent, but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side!

Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my full and total Endorsement!

Private business investment has surged from 1.8 percent the year BEFORE I came into office to 9.4 percent this year -- that means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

The @USNavys first female Admiral, Alene Duerk once said: It was a nice distinction to have, and to be recognized as the first, but I wanted to make certain that I used that notoriety to do as much positive as I could. Alene did just that, and America is forever grateful!

We have accomplished an economic turnaround of HISTORIC proportions!

I am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year, the U.S. Economy grew at the amazing rate of 4.1%!

@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Cast you early vote or vote on August 7th. Troy is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He has my full and total Endorsement!

@JohnJamesMI, who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan, is SPECTACULAR! Vote on August 7th. Rarely have I seen a candidate with such great potential. West Point graduate, successful businessman and a African American leader

John is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He has my full and total Endorsement!

GREAT GDP numbers just released. Will be having a news conference soon!

I did NOT know of the meeting with my son, Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam (Taxi cabs maybe?). He even retained Bill and Crooked Hillarys lawyer. Gee, I wonder if they helped him make the choice!

,the only Collusion with Russia was with the Democrats, so now they are looking at my Tweets (along with 53 million other people) - the rigged Witch Hunt continues! How stupid and unfair to our Country....And so the Fake News doesnt waste my time with dumb questions, NO,

Arrived back in Washington last night from a very emotional reopening of a major U.S. Steel plant in Granite City, Illinois, only to be greeted with the ridiculous news that the highly conflicted Robert Mueller and his gang of 13 Angry Democrats obviously cannot find Collusion

Way to go Jerry. This is what the league should do!

The Remains of American Servicemen will soon be leaving North Korea and heading to the United States! After so many years, this will be a great moment for so many families. Thank you to Kim Jong Un

America is OPEN FOR BUSINESS and U.S. Steel is back!

called The Case Against Impeaching Trump, which I would encourage all people with Trump Derangement Syndrome to read!

@AlanDersh, a brilliant lawyer, who although a Liberal Democrat who probably didnt vote for me, has discussed the Witch Hunt with great clarity and in a very positive way. He has written a new and very important book

PROMISES KEPT!

Thank you @U_S_Steel and Granite City, Illinois!

The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson, a great Christian, family man and wonderful human being. He is suffering greatly. This innocent man of faith should be released immediately!

This is great - on my way, see you soon @IAGovernor Kim Reynolds!

Heading to Dubuque, Iowa and then Granite City, Illinois. Looking  forward to being with many great friends!

Twitter SHADOW BANNING prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once! Many complaints

European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately. Also, they will be buying vast amounts of LNG!

Great to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade!

Thank you Georgia! They say that my endorsement last week of Brian Kemp, in the Republican Primary for Governor against a very worthy opponent, lifted him from 5 points down to a 70% to 30% victory! Two very good and talented men in a great race, but congratulations to Brian!

Obviously the European Union, as represented by @JunckerEU and the United States, as represented by yours truly, love each other!

along quickly. European Union Nations will be open to the United States and at the same time benefiting by everything we are doing for them. There was great warmth and feeling in the room - a breakthrough has been quickly made that nobody thought possible!

Great meeting on Trade today with @JunckerEU and representatives of the European Union. We have come to a very strong understanding and are all believers in no tariffs, no barriers and no subsidies. Work on documents has already started and the process is moving

Thank you very much, working hard!

Sergio Marchionne, who passed away today, was one of the most brilliant &amp; successful car executives since the days of the legendary Henry Ford. It was a great honor for me to get to know Sergio as POTUS, he loved the car industry, and fought hard for it. He will be truly missed!

This week, my Administration is hosting the first-ever #IRFMinisterial. The U.S. will continue to promote #ReligiousFreedom around the world. Nations that support religious freedom are far more free, prosperous &amp; peaceful. Great job, @VP, @SecPompeo, @IRF_Ambassador &amp; @StateDept!

The United States and the European Union have a $1 TRILLION bilateral trade relationship  the largest economic relationship in the world. We want to further strengthen this trade relationship to the benefit of all American and European citizens

Congratulations to Brian Kemp on your very big win in Georgia last night. Wow, 69-30, those are big numbers. Now go win against the open border, crime loving opponent that the Democrats have given you. She is weak on Vets, the Military and the 2nd Amendment. Win!

What kind of a lawyer would tape a client? So sad! Is this a first, never heard of it before? Why was the tape so abruptly terminated (cut) while I was presumably saying positive things? I hear there are other clients and many reporters that are taped - can this be so? Too bad!

China is targeting our farmers, who they know I love &amp; respect, as a way of getting me to continue allowing them to take advantage of the U.S. They are being vicious in what will be their failed attempt. We were being nice - until now! China made $517 Billion on us last year

When you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation, it will only take longer to make a deal, and the deal will never be as good as it could have been with unity. Negotiations are going really well, be cool. The end result will be worth it!

Every time I see a weak politician asking to stop Trade talks or the use of Tariffs to counter unfair Tariffs, I wonder, what can they be thinking? Are we just going to continue and let our farmers and country get ripped off?  Lost $817 Billion on Trade last year. No weakness!

The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp; Frame Donald Trump is a Hot Seller, already Number One! More importantly, it is a great book that everyone is talking about. It covers the Rigged Witch Hunt brilliantly. Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett!

So sad and unfair that the FCC wouldnt approve the Sinclair Broadcast merger with Tribune. This would have been a great and much needed Conservative voice for and of the People. Liberal Fake News NBC and Comcast gets approved, much bigger, but not Sinclair. Disgraceful!

The European Union is coming to Washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on Trade. I have an idea for them. Both the U.S. and the E.U. drop all Tariffs, Barriers and Subsidies! That would finally be called Free Market and Fair Trade! Hope they do it, we are ready - but they wont!

Today, it was my great honor to be in Kansas City, Missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make FREEDOM possible! Thank you @VFWHQ! #VFWConvention

On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the @WhiteHouse National Council for the American Worker, Congress should reauthorize #PerkinsCTE and ensure the American workforce remains stronger than EVER! #Jobs #Workforce

I want to thank the @VFWHQ for your devotion to our fallen heroes, unknown soldiers, Prisoners of War, those Missing in Action, and their families. #VFWConvention

#VFWConvention @VFWHQ

Im very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me, they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely dont want Trump!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Heading to Missouri to be with many of my great friends. VFW here we come!

Our Country is doing GREAT. Best financial numbers on the Planet. Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN!

Today is the day to vote for Brian Kemp. Will be great for Georgia, full Endorsement!

Tariffs are the greatest! Either a country which has treated the United States unfairly on Trade negotiates a fair deal, or it gets hit with Tariffs. Its as simple as that - and everybodys talking! Remember, we are the piggy bank thats being robbed. All will be Great!

Countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to Washington to negotiate. This should have taken place many years ago but,
as the saying goes, better late than never!

#MadeInAmerica Showcase!

Lou Barletta was one of my first supporters. He is tough on Crime and Borders. Will be a great Senator from Pennsylvania. His opponent is WEAK on Crime, ICE and Borders. We need Lou!

Robert will do a great job for our Vets. We also recently won Choice!

In my opinion the Washington Post is nothing more than an expensive (the paper loses a fortune) lobbyist for Amazon. Is it used as protection against antitrust claims which many feel should be brought?

The Amazon Washington Post has gone crazy against me ever since they lost the Internet Tax Case in the U.S. Supreme Court two months ago. Next up is the U.S. Post Office which they use, at a fraction of real cost, as their delivery boy for a BIG percentage of their packages

A Rocket has not been launched by North Korea in 9 months. Likewise, no Nuclear Tests. Japan is happy, all of Asia is happy. But the Fake News is saying, without ever asking me (always anonymous sources), that I am angry because it is not going fast enough. Wrong, very happy!

When you hear the Fake News talking negatively about my meeting with President Putin, and all that I gave up, remember, I gave up NOTHING, we merely talked about future benefits for both countries. Also, we got along very well, which is a good thing, except for the Corrupt Media!

Carter Page wasnt a spy, wasnt an agent of the Russians - he would have cooperated with the FBI. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump. Tom Fitton @JudicialWatch A disgrace to America. They should drop the discredited Mueller Witch Hunt now!

and the DOJ, FBI and Obama Gang need to be held to account. Source #1 was the major source. Avoided talking about it being the Clinton campaign behind it. Misled the Court to provide a pretext to SPY on the Trump Team. Not about Carter Page..was all about getting Trump

It was classified to cover up misconduct by the FBI and the Justice Department in misleading the Court by using this Dossier in a dishonest way to gain a warrant to target the Trump Team. This is a Clinton Campaign document. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump

So we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake Dirty Dossier, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC, that was knowingly &amp; falsely submitted to FISA and which was responsible for starting the totally conflicted and discredited Mueller Witch Hunt!

Tom Fitton on @foxandfriends at 6:15 A.M. NOW! Judicial Watch

To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE &amp; DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!

So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didnt he do something about it? Why didnt he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax, thats why, and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!!

Happy Birthday @SenatorDole!

I had a GREAT meeting with Putin and the Fake News used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it. So bad for our country!

@PeteHegseth on @FoxNews  Source #1 was the (Fake) Dossier. Yes, the Dirty Dossier, paid for by Democrats as a hit piece against Trump, and looking for information that could discredit Candidate #1 Trump. Carter Page was just the foot to surveil the Trump campaign... ILLEGAL!

Andrew McCarthy - I said this could never happen. This is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who signed off on this stuff, not just the people who gave it. It is so bad it screams out at you.  On the whole FISA scam which led to the rigged Mueller Witch Hunt!

Looking more &amp; more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon (surveillance) for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie. Republicans must get tough now. An illegal Scam!

Congratulations to @JudicialWatch and @TomFitton on being successful in getting the Carter Page FISA documents. As usual they are ridiculously heavily redacted but confirm with little doubt that the Department of Justice and FBI misled the courts. Witch Hunt Rigged, a Scam!

Watching Los Angeles possible hostage situation very closely. Active barricaded suspect. L.A.P.D. working with Federal Law Enforcement

Troy Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress against a Nancy Pelosi Liberal who is WEAK on Crime &amp; Borders. Troy is the total opposite, and loves our Military, Vets &amp; 2nd Amendment. EARLY VOTING just started with Election Day on August 7th. Troy has my Full &amp; Total Endorsement!

Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with VP @mike_pence. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!

Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with @MikePenceVP. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!

No Collusion, No Obstruction - but that doesnt matter because the 13 Angry Democrats, who are only after Republicans and totally protecting Democrats, want this Witch Hunt to drag out to the November Election. Republicans better get smart fast and expose what they are doing!

The Rigged Witch Hunt, headed by the 13 Angry Democrats (and now 4 more have been added, one who worked directly for Obama W.H.), seems intent on damaging the Republican Partys chances in the November Election. This Democrat excuse for losing the 16 Election never ends!

Inconceivable that the government would break into a lawyers office (early in the morning) - almost unheard of. Even more inconceivable that a lawyer would tape a client - totally unheard of &amp; perhaps illegal. The good news is that your favorite President did nothing wrong!

The NFL National Anthem Debate is alive and well again - cant believe it! Isnt it in contract that players must stand at attention, hand on heart? The $40,000,000 Commissioner must now make a stand. First time kneeling, out for game. Second time kneeling, out for season/no pay!

I got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin. In the Old Days they would call it Diplomacy. If I was loud &amp; vicious, I would have been criticized for being too tough. Remember when they said I was too tough with Chairman Kim? Hypocrites!

So important. Should have been done years ago!

Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years. The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the Election. A big reason is bad (terrible) Trade Deals with other countries. They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers. Canada charges 275% on Dairy. Farmers will WIN!

The United States should not be penalized because we are doing so well. Tightening now hurts all that we have done. The U.S. should be allowed to recapture what was lost due to illegal currency manipulation and BAD Trade Deals. Debt coming due &amp; we are raising rates - Really?

China, the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower, while the U.S. is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day - taking away our big competitive edge. As usual, not a level playing field

My deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took place in Missouri. Such a tragedy, such a great loss. May God be with you all!

Will the Dems and Fake News ever learn? This is classic!

Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES

proliferation, cyber attacks, trade, Ukraine, Middle East peace, North Korea and more. There are many answers, some easy and some hard, to these problems...but they can ALL be solved!

Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES

The Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. I look forward to our second meeting so that we can start implementing some of the many things discussed, including stopping terrorism, security for Israel, nuclear

I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies, Google. They truly have taken advantage of the U.S., but not for long!

Really big jobs meeting today at the White House! 3 P.M

Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES. Thank you to @foxandfriends and @FoxNews for actually showing the clips. The Fake News wants no part of that narrative! Too bad they dont want to focus on all of the ECONOMIC and JOBS records being set

The Fake News Media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with Russia, even a confrontation that could lead to war. They are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that Ill probably have a good relationship with Putin. We are doing MUCH better than any other country!

The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They make up stories without any backup, sources or proof. Many of the stories written about me, and the good people surrounding me, are total fiction. Problem is, when you complain you just give them more publicity. But Ill complain anyway!

The Democrats have a death wish, in more ways than one - they actually want to abolish ICE. This should cost them heavily in the Midterms. Yesterday, the Republicans overwhelmingly passed a bill supporting ICE!

Thank you to Novartis for not increasing your prices on prescription drugs. Likewise to Pfizer. We are making a big push to actually reduce the prices, maybe substantially, on prescription drugs

A total disgrace that Turkey will not release a respected U.S. Pastor, Andrew Brunson, from prison. He has been held hostage far too long. @RT_Erdogan should do something to free this wonderful Christian husband &amp; father. He has done nothing wrong, and his family needs him!

The two biggest opponents of ICE in America today are the Democratic Party and MS-13!

Thank you to Congressman Kevin Yoder! He secured $5 BILLION for Border Security. Now we need Congress to support. Kevin has been strong on Crime, the Border, the 2nd Amendment, and he loves our Military and Vets. @RepKevinYoder has my full and total endorsement!

Brian Kemp is running for Governor of the great state of Georgia. The Primary is on Tuesday. Brian is tough on crime, strong on the border and illegal immigration. He loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. I give him my full and total endorsement

3.4 million jobs created since our great Election Victory - far greater than ever anticipated, and only getting better as new and greatly improved Trade Deals start coming to fruition!

Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. Its called Trump Derangement Syndrome!

A lot of Democrats wished they voted for the Tax Cuts because the economy is booming - we could have 4% growth now and the Fed said yesterday that unemployment could drop again.  @foxandfriends  @kilmeade

Congratulations to Martha Roby of The Great State of Alabama on her big GOP Primary win for Congress. My endorsement came appropriately late, but when it came the flood gates opened and you had the kind of landslide victory that you deserve. Enjoy!

Russia has agreed to help with North Korea, where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving along. There is no rush, the sanctions remain! Big benefits and exciting future for North Korea at end of process!

While the NATO meeting in Brussels was an acknowledged triumph, with billions of dollars more being put up by member countries at a faster pace, the meeting with Russia may prove to be, in the long run, an even greater success. Many positive things will come out of that meeting

So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki. Putin and I discussed many important subjects at our earlier meeting. We got along well which truly bothered many haters who wanted to see a boxing match. Big results will come!

Prosperity is returning. Donald Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate, now as the most effective president, the most successful president, in modern American history. Thank you to the great Lou Dobbs!

The Democrats want to abolish ICE, which will mean more crime in our country. I want to give ICE a big cheer! Vote Republican in November

The meeting between President Putin and myself was a great success, except in the Fake News Media!

The economy of the United States is stronger than ever before!

Thank you @RandPaul. The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - whats he supposed to think?

While I had a great meeting with NATO, raising vast amounts of money, I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia. Sadly, it is not being reported that way - the Fake News is going Crazy!

I had a great meeting with NATO. They have paid $33 Billion more and will pay hundreds of Billions of Dollars more in the future, only because of me. NATO was weak, but now it is strong again (bad for Russia). The media only says I was rude to leaders, never mentions the money!

Thank you @RandPaul, you really get it! The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - whats he supposed think?

Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9pmE and @TuckerCarlson tomorrow night at 8pmE. Enjoy!

A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia, but it is good for the world. #HELSINKI2018

I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace, than to risk peace in pursuit of politics. #HELSINKI2018

As I said today and many times before, I have GREAT confidence in MY intelligence people. However, I also recognize that in order to build a brighter future, we cannot exclusively focus on the past  as the worlds two largest nuclear powers, we must get along! #HELSINKI2018

Thank you Helsinki, Finland!

Joint Press Conference from Helsinki, Finland:

It was an honor to join you this morning. Thank you!

Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now, the Rigged Witch Hunt!

President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling, he said it couldnt happen, was no big deal, &amp; did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!

Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations, both present &amp; future. We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media. NATO is now strong &amp; rich!

Congratulations to France, who played extraordinary soccer, on winning the 2018 World Cup. Additionally, congratulations to President Putin and Russia for putting on a truly great World Cup Tournament -- one of the best ever!

know how to do is resist and obstruct! This is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country  but at some point, it will heal!

over the years, I would return to criticism that it wasnt good enough  that I should have gotten Saint Petersburg in addition! Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people and all the Dems

Heading to Helsinki, Finland  looking forward to meeting with President Putin tomorrow. Unfortunately, no matter how well I do at the Summit, if I was given the great city of Moscow as retribution for all of the sins and evils committed by Russia

There hasnt been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in North Korea, there have been no nuclear tests and we got back our hostages. Who knows how it will all turn out in the end, but why isnt the Fake News talking about these wonderful facts? Because it is FAKE NEWS!

These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didnt Obama do something about it?  Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win, thats why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration, but Fake News doesnt want to report the truth, as usual!

Our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan. We commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences to all who were injured or lost loved ones

Remember, it was Little Jeff Z and his people, who are told exactly what to say, who said I could not win the election in that there was no way to 270 (over &amp; over again) in the Electoral College. I got 306! They were sooooo wrong in their election coverage. Still hurting!

So funny! I just checked out Fake News CNN, for the first time in a long time (they are dying in the ratings), to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of Jim Acosta (actually a nice guy). They didnt! But they did say I already lost in my meeting with Putin. Fake News

The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administration. Why didnt they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?

Where is the DNC Server, and why didnt the FBI take possession of it? Deep State?

The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administrations. Why didnt they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?

The Stock Market hit 25,000 yesterday. Jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst trade deals and conditions ever seen by any government. It is all happening!

I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings, calls and hopefully, some golf - my primary form of exercise! The weather is beautiful, and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin

This is now changing - for the first time!

Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Theresa May

Congressman Matt Gaetz of Florida is one of the finest and most talented people in Congress. Strong on Crime, the Border, Illegal Immigration, the 2nd Amendment, our great Military &amp; Vets, Matt worked tirelessly on helping to get our Massive Tax Cuts. He has my Full Endorsement!

Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit!

A very nice note from Chairman Kim of North Korea. Great progress being made!

Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June, for instance, the unemployment rate for Hispanics and Latinos 16 years and older fell to 4.6%, its lowest level ever, from 4.9% in May

Thank you #NATO2018!

#NATOSummit2018 Press Conference in Brussels, Belgium:

On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollars for their Energy needs coming out of a new pipeline from Russia. Not acceptable! All NATO Nations must meet their 2% commitment, and that must ultimately go to 4%!

Presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward their protection from Russia. They pay only a fraction of their cost. The U.S. pays tens of Billions of Dollars too much to subsidize Europe, and loses Big on Trade!

As I head out to a very important NATO meeting, I see that FBI Lover/Agent Lisa Page is dodging a Subpoena &amp; is refusing to show up and testify. What can she possibly say about her statements and lies. So much corruption on the other side. Where is the Attorney General? @FoxNews

Billions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year, at my request, but it isnt nearly enough. U.S. spends too much. Europes borders are BAD! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable!

How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was started, influenced and worked on, for an extended period of time, by former FBI Agent/Lover Peter Strzok? Read his hate filled and totally biased Emails and the answer is clear!

Ex-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress! Wow, but is anybody really surprised!  Together with her lover, FBI Agent Peter Strzok, she worked on the Rigged Witch Hunt, perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case EVER!

If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks, dont Obstruct and Resist, but rather do it the good ol fashioned way, WIN ELECTIONS!

What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europes protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025

What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are their only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europes protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025

Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is going on from Europe - it would be soooo simple to fix. Judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works. They are just using children!

things up, better than ever before, but it cant go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers, and will win!

I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have done poorly for 15 years. Other countries trade barriers and tariffs have been destroying their businesses. I will open

Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels, Belgium

Just talked with Pfizer CEO and @SecAzar on our drug pricing blueprint. Pfizer is rolling back price hikes, so American patients dont pay more. We applaud Pfizer for this decision and hope other companies do the same. Great news for the American people!

The European Union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in Europe (U.S. has a $151 Billion trade deficit), and then they want us to happily defend them through NATO, and nicely pay for it. Just doesnt work!

A recent Emerson College ePoll said that most Americans, especially Hispanics, feel that they are better off under President Trump than they were under President Obama

Many countries in NATO, which we are expected to defend, are not only short of their current commitment of 2% (which is low), but are also delinquent for many years in payments that have not been made. Will they reimburse the U.S.?

Informing the Republican Senators of my nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. #SCOTUS

I am on Air Force One flying to NATO and hear reports that the FBI lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are getting cold feet on testifying about  the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by 13 Angry Democrats and people that worked for Obama for 8 years. Total disgrace!

On behalf of the United States, congratulations to the Thai Navy SEALs and all on the successful rescue of the 12 boys and their coach from the treacherous cave in Thailand. Such a beautiful moment - all freed, great job!

Thank you to all of my great supporters, really big progress being made. Other countries wanting to fix crazy trade deals. Economy is ROARING. Supreme Court pick getting GREAT REVIEWS. New Poll says Trump, at over 90%, is the most popular Republican in history of the Party. Wow!

NATO countries must pay MORE, the United States must pay LESS. Very Unfair!

Getting ready to leave for Europe. First meeting - NATO. The U.S. is spending many times more than any other country in order to protect them. Not fair to the U.S. taxpayer. On top of that we lose $151 Billion on Trade with the European Union. Charge us big Tariffs (&amp; Barriers)!

Tonight, it was my honor and privilege to nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. #SCOTUS

HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY to our amazing current and former Army Warrant Officers. Thank you for your century of service, as the indispensable guardians of our great @USArmys technology! #CenturyOfService

Pfizer &amp; others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason. They are merely taking advantage of the poor &amp; others unable to defend themselves, while at the same time giving bargain basement prices to other countries in Europe &amp; elsewhere. We will respond!

The failing NY Times Fake News story today about breast feeding must be called out. The U.S. strongly supports breast feeding but we dont believe women should be denied access to formula. Many women need this option because of malnutrition and poverty

I have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed &amp;, even more importantly, our handshake. We agreed to the denuclearization of North Korea. China, on the other hand, may be exerting negative pressure on a deal because of our posture on Chinese Trade-Hope Not!

I have long heard that the most important decision a U.S. President can make is the selection of a Supreme Court Justice - Will be announced tonight at 9:00 P.M

Europe far more than it does the U.S. By some accounts, the U.S. is paying for 90% of NATO, with many countries nowhere close to their 2% commitment. On top of this the European Union has a Trade Surplus of $151 Million with the U.S., with big Trade Barriers on U.S. goods. NO!

The United States is spending far more on NATO than any other Country. This is not fair, nor is it acceptable. While these countries have been increasing their contributions since I took office, they must do much more. Germany is at 1%, the U.S. is at 4%, and NATO benefits

They just didnt get it, but they do now!

Looking forward to announcing my final decision on the United States Supreme Court Justice at 9:00pmE tomorrow night at the @WhiteHouse. An exceptional person will be chosen!

Iranian Harassment of U.S. Warships:

2015: 22
2016: 36
2017: 14
2018: 0

Source: @USNavy

The U.S. is working very closely with the Government of Thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave and to safety. Very brave and talented people!

The Rigged Witch Hunt, originally headed by FBI lover boy Peter S (for one year) &amp; now, 13 Angry Democrats, should look into the missing DNC Server, Crooked Hillarys illegally deleted Emails, the Pakistani Fraudster, Uranium One, Podesta &amp; so much more. Its a Democrat Con Job!

Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the Special Counsel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp; that the only Collusion was with the Dems!

Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the Special Councel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp; that the only Collusion was with the Dems!

Big decision will soon be made on our next Justice of the Supreme Court!

Twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace. Will that include the Failing New York Times and propaganda machine for Amazon, the Washington Post, who constantly quote anonymous sources that, in my opinion, dont exist - They will both be out of business in 7 years!

Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign (and others), colluded with Russia. They havent figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election!

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

Thanks to REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP, America is WINNING AGAIN - and America is being RESPECTED again all over the world. Because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST!

Every day, the brave men and women of ICE are liberating communities from savage gangs like MS-13. We will NOT stand for these vile Democrat smears in law enforcement. We will always stand proudly with the BRAVE HEROES of ICE and BORDER PATROL!

A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to let MS-13 run wild in our communities, to let drugs pour into our cities, and to take jobs and benefits away from hardworking Americans. Democrats want anarchy, amnesty and chaos - Republicans want LAW, ORDER and JUSTICE!

It was my great honor to join proud, hardworking American Patriots in Montana tonight. I love you - thank you! #MAGA

on Monday assume duties as the acting Administrator of the EPA. I have no doubt that Andy will continue on with our great and lasting EPA agenda. We have made tremendous progress and the future of the EPA is very bright!

I have accepted the resignation of Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Within the Agency Scott has done an outstanding job, and I will always be thankful to him for this. The Senate confirmed Deputy at EPA, Andrew Wheeler, will

Congress - FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW!

Country being forced to endure a long and costly trial. Tell the people OUT, and they must leave, just as they would if they were standing on your front lawn. Hiring thousands of judges does not work and is not acceptable - only Country in the World that does this!

Congress must pass smart, fast and reasonable Immigration Laws now. Law Enforcement at the Border is doing a great job, but the laws they are forced to work with are insane. When people, with or without children, enter our Country, they must be told to leave without our

Happy Birthday, America!

The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up &amp; they are doing little to help. If anything, they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!

Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT!

Tomorrow, families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do, we will think of the men &amp; women serving overseas at this very moment, far away from their families, protecting America - &amp; we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES!

has endured because of the sweat, blood and sacrifice of the American Armed Forces  the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world!

Tonight we gathered to celebrate the courageous men and women who make freedom possible: our brave service members, and our wonderful Veterans. For 242 years, American Independence

Thank you, @WVGovernor Jim Justice, for that warm introduction. Tonight, it was my great honor to attend the Greenbrier Classic  Salute to Service Dinner in West Virginia! God Bless our Veterans. God Bless America - and HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL!

After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!

Just arrived in West Virginia!

The Washington Post is constantly quoting anonymous sources that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a disgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!

Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend, @WVGovernor Jim Justice, at his beautiful Greenbrier Resort. He works hard, does a great job, and raises lots of money for charities!

After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!

The Washington Post is constantly quoting anonymous sources that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a discgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!

Wow! The NSA has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages. Privacy violations? They blame technical irregularities. Such a disgrace. The Witch Hunt continues!

Now that Harley-Davidson is moving part of its operation out of the U.S., my Administration is working with other Motor Cycle companies who want to move into the U.S. Harley customers are not happy with their move - sales are down 7% in 2017. The U.S. is where the Action is!

Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big (and bad) is that?

Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well! In the meantime, no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months. All of Asia is thrilled. Only the Opposition Party, which includes the Fake News, is complaining. If not for me, we would now be at War with North Korea!

How can the Democrats, who are weak on the Border and weak on Crime, do well in November. The people of our Country want and demand Safety and Security, while the Democrats are more interested in  ripping apart and demeaning (and not properly funding) our great Law Enforcement!

When we have an infestation of MS-13 GANGS in certain parts of our country, who do we send to get them out? ICE! They are tougher and smarter than these rough criminal elelments that bad immigration laws allow into our country. Dems do not appreciate the great job they do! Nov

The economy is doing perhaps better than ever before, and thats prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair Trade Deals ever made by any country. In any event, they are coming along very well. Most countries agree that they must be changed, but nobody ever asked!

I interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday. On Monday I will be announcing my decision for Justice of the United States Supreme Court!

Crazy Maxine Waters, said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics, is rapidly becoming, together with Nancy Pelosi, the FACE of the Democrat Party. Her ranting and raving, even referring to herself as a wounded animal, will make people flee the Democrats!

Many Democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their leadership wants to denounce and abandon the great men and women of ICE, thereby declaring war on Law &amp; Order. These people will be voting for Republicans in November and, in many cases, joining the Republican Party!

Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands, to the @WhiteHouse!

Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him. There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico!

A big week, especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme Court. Heading back to the White House now. Focus will be on the selection of a new Supreme Court Justice. Exciting times for our country. Economy may be stronger than it has ever been!

The Liberal Left, also known as the Democrats, want to get rid of ICE, who do a fantastic job, and want Open Borders. Crime would be rampant and uncontrollable! Make America Great Again

I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews

When people come into our Country illegally, we must IMMEDIATELY escort them back out without going through years of legal maneuvering. Our laws are the dumbest anywhere in the world. Republicans want Strong Borders and no Crime. Dems want Open Borders and are weak on Crime!

I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on Sunday on @FoxNews at 10:00 A. M. Enjoy!

Either we need to elect more Republicans in November or Republicans must end the ridiculous 60 vote, or Filibuster, rule - or better yet, do both. Cryin Chuck would do it on day one, but well never give him the chance. Some great legislation awaits - be smart!

I never pushed the Republicans in the House to vote for the Immigration Bill, either GOODLATTE 1 or 2, because it could never have gotten enough Democrats as long as there is the 60 vote threshold. I released many prior to the vote knowing we need more Republicans to win in Nov

A friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will, Sean Spicer, has written a great new book, The Briefing: Politics, the Press and the President. It is a story told with both heart and knowledge. Really good, go get it!

I will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme Court on the first Monday after the July 4th Holiday, July 9th!

Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that, because of the turmoil &amp; disfunction in Iran and Venezuela, I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production, maybe up to 2,000,000 barrels, to make up the difference...Prices to high! He has agreed!

To the great and brave men and women of ICE, do not worry or lose your spirit. You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements. So brave! The radical left Dems want you out. Next it will be all police. Zero chance, It will never happen!

The Democrats are making a strong push to abolish ICE, one of the smartest, toughest and most spirited law enforcement groups of men and women that I have ever seen. I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS-13 &amp; clean out the toughest of situations. They are great!

The new plant being built by Foxconn in Wisconsin is incredible. Congratulations to the people of Wisconsin and to Governor Scott Walker @GovWalker and his talented representatives for having pulled it off. Great job!

Six months after our TAX CUTS, more than 6 MILLION workers have received bonuses, pay raises, and retirement account contributions.
#TaxCutsandJobsAct

Before going any further today, I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis, Maryland. This attack shocked the conscience of our Nation, and filled our hearts with grief

Prior to departing Wisconsin, I was briefed on the shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. Thank you to all of the First Responders who are currently on the scene

AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!

Today, we broke ground on a plant that will provide jobs for up to 15,000 Wisconsin Workers! As Foxconn has discovered, there is no better place to build, hire and grow than right here in the United States!

I am in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for meetings. Soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for Foxconn, which is building a great new electronics plant in Wisconsin. 15,000 Jobs, so great!

persecuted on old and/or totally unrelated charges (there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the no collusion)...And what is going on in the FBI &amp; DOJ with Crooked Hillary, the DNC and all of the lies? A disgraceful situation!

When is Bob Mueller going to list his Conflicts of Interest? Why has it taken so long? Will they be listed at the top of his $22,000,000 Report...And what about the 13 Angry Democrats, will they list their conflicts with Crooked H? How many people will be sent to jail and

Peter Strzok worked as the leader of the Rigged Witch Hunt for a long period of time - he got it started and was only fired because the gig was up. But remember, he took his orders from Comey and McCabe and they took their orders from you know who. Mueller/Comey best friends!

Just watched @SharkGregNorman on @foxandfriends. Said President is doing a great job. All over the world, people want to come back to the U.S. Thank you Greg, and youre looking and doing great!

Amy Kremer, Women for Trump, was so great on @foxandfriends. Brave and very smart, thank you Amy! @AmyKremer

Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server, and why didnt Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it? Why isnt Hillary/Russia being looked at? So many questions, so much corruption!

Lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok was given poor marks on yesterdays closed door testimony and, according to most reports, refused to answer many questions. There was no Collusion and the Witch Hunt, headed by 13 Angry Democrats and others who are totally conflicted, is Rigged!

In recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers. Extremist Democrat politicians have called for the complete elimination of ICE. Leftwing Activists are trying to block ICE officers from doing their jobs and publicly posting their

home addresses  putting these selfless public servants in harms way. These radical protesters want ANARCHY  but the only response they will find from our government is LAW AND ORDER!

Thank you North Dakota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA

Just landed in North Dakota with @SenJohnHoeven and @RepKevinCramer. We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly!

Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the @WhiteHouse!

Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate. He is an extraordinary Congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your Senator. He is tough on crime, strong on borders, loves our Military, and our Vets! #NDSen

Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy. #SCOTUS

Today, I was thrilled to join student leaders from Colleges and Universities across the country

Harley-Davidson should stay 100% in America, with the people that got you your success. Ive done so much for you, and then this. Other companies are coming back where they belong! We wont forget, and neither will your customers or your now very HAPPY competitors!

Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now, as an example, able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them. Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats!

HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL, KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II, IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY, EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WONT LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE. PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS &amp; SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS = CRIME.  WIN!

Congratulations to Maxine Waters, whose crazy rants have made her, together with Nancy Pelosi, the unhinged FACE of the Democrat Party. Together, they will Make America Weak Again! But have no fear, America is now stronger than ever before, and Im not going anywhere!

Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do. A great and loving family will be coming to D.C

The legendary Gary Player at Turnberry in Scotland!

A great First Lady!

The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for Strong Borders, NO Crime! A BIG NIGHT!

Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley, who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosis place, just LOST his primary election. In other words, hes out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer, and more respectful, to his President!

Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York, and my many friends on Staten Island, have elected someone they have always been very proud of. Congratulations!

Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy! @henrymcmaster

Today, we tell the story of an incredible HERO who defended our nation in World War Two  First Lieutenant Garlin Murl Conner. Although he died 20 years ago, today he takes his rightful place in the Eternal Chronicle of American Valor

SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS TRUMP TRAVEL BAN. Wow!

The most profound question of our era: Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President of the U.S., and was Strzok at the core of the conspiracy?  Judge Andrew Napolitano

The face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who, together with Nancy Pelosi, have established a fine leadership team. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats, who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime, well into the future....and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres

A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never! Their employees and customers are already very angry at them. If they move, watch, it will be the beginning of the end - they surrendered, they quit! The Aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before!

It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina. Henry is tough on Crime and Borders, loves our Military and our Vets and has created many jobs and a great economy. GO OUT AND VOTE FOR HENRY TODAY, HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!

We are finishing our study of Tariffs on cars from the E.U. in that they have long taken advantage of the U.S. in the form of Trade Barriers and Tariffs. In the end it will all even out - and it wont take very long!

When I had Harley-Davidson officials over to the White House, I chided them about tariffs in other countries, like India, being too high. Companies are now coming back to America. Harley must know that they wont be able to sell back into U.S. without paying a big tax!

We are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used for years against our farmers, workers and companies. We are opening up closed markets and expanding our footprint. They must play fair or they will pay tariffs!

Early this year Harley-Davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in Kansas City to Thailand. That was long before Tariffs were announced. Hence, they were just using Tariffs/Trade War as an excuse. Shows how unbalanced &amp; unfair trade is, but we will fix it

Thank you South Carolina. Now lets get out tomorrow and VOTE for @HenryMcMaster!

Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shortly! #MAGA

The hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI &amp; DOJ should be shown to the public on live television, not a closed door hearing that nobody will see. We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency!

Why is Senator Mark Warner (D-VA), perhaps in a near drunken state, claiming he has information that only he and Bob Mueller, the leader of the 13 Angry Democrats on a Witch Hunt, knows? Isnt this highly illegal. Is it being investigated?

Director David Lynch: Trump Could Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents

Surprised that Harley-Davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the White Flag. I fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the E.U., which has hurt us badly on trade, down $151 Billion. Taxes just a Harley excuse - be patient!  #MAGA

Congresswoman Maxine Waters, an extraordinarily low IQ person, has become, together with Nancy Pelosi, the Face of the Democrat Party. She has just called for harm to supporters, of which there are many, of the Make America Great Again movement. Be careful what you wish for Max!

Will be heading to one of my favorite places, South Carolina, to fight for one of my original fighters, Governor Henry McMaster. Speaking at 7:00 P.M

If this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in its tracks - and at very little, by comparison, cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!

Hiring manythousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process, is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country

Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually, we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime!

I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI (although I do not legally have to), because of the now totally discredited and very expensive Witch Hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ &amp; FBI arent giving over requested documents?

The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors and windows (badly needs a paint job) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule, if a restaurant is dirty on the outside, it is dirty on the inside!

Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower. Actually, far greater than would ever have been believed!

@RepClayHiggins has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!

House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember, it still has to pass in the Senate, and for that we need 10 Democrat votes, and all they do is RESIST. They want Open Borders and dont care about Crime! Need more Republicans to WIN in November!

@ClayHiggins18 has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!

@jimmyfallon is now whimpering to all that he did the famous hair show with me (where he seriously messed up my hair), &amp; that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have humanized me-he is taking heat. He called &amp; said monster ratings. Be a man Jimmy!

The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial Trade Barriers and Tariffs on goods going into their country, remove those Barriers &amp; Tariffs or be met with more than Reciprocity by the U.S.A. Trade must be fair and no longer a one way street!

Our Immigration policy, laughed at all over the world, is very unfair to all of those people who have gone through the system legally and are waiting on line for years! Immigration must be based on merit - we need people who will help to Make America Great Again!

We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in, we must immediately, with no Judges or Court Cases, bring them back from where they came. Our system is a mockery to good immigration policy and Law and Order. Most children come without parents

Democrats, fix the laws. Dont RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama, but we need strength and security at the Border! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country. Strong Borders, No Crime!

Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is. So many people hurt, so bad for our country - a total sham!

AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!

Thank you @NVGOP! #MAGA

Happy Birthday to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, a friend and great man!

Its very sad that Nancy Pelosi and her sidekick, Cryin Chuck Schumer, want to protect illegal immigrants far more than the citizens of our country. The United States cannot stand for this. We wants safety and security at our borders!

Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters. Countrys economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week. Tremendous potential, and trade deals are coming along well

My thoughts and prayers are with Representative Katie Arrington of South Carolina, including all of those involved in last nights car accident, and their families

everyone how much he likes me, but he will only vote with Nancy Pelosi. Keith is strong on borders and tough on crime  and loves cutting taxes! #MAGA

@VP Pence is heading to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around, Congressman Keith @RothfusForPA. He is running against #LambTheSham, who is telling

Drudge Report  OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES, WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL We do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a MUCH stronger Border! Mainstream Fake Media hates this story

Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens  Failing New York Times

The National Association of Manufacturers just announced that 95.1% of Manufacturers have a positive outlook for their companies.  This is the best number in the Associations history!

The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged!

@FoxNews  Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias, lying and hate by the investigators, people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election!

Steel is coming back fast! U.S. Steel is adding great capacity also. So are others

Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. &amp; its great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!

Our first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is secure, our citizens are safe, and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all

We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citizens permanently separated from their loved ones b/c they were killed by criminal illegal aliens. These are the families the media ignores

Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. and it great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!

Hope OPEC will increase output substantially. Need to keep prices down!

We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief, hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures, and did nothing about it!

80% of Mexicos Exports come to the United States. They totally rely on us, which is fine with me. They do have, though, very strong Immigration Laws. The U.S. has pathetically weak and ineffective Immigration Laws that the Democrats refuse to help us fix. Will speak to Mexico!

Congressman Ron DeSantis, a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School, is running for Governor of the Great State of Florida. Ron is strong on Borders, tough on Crime &amp; big on Cutting Taxes - Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He will be a Great Governor &amp; has my full Endorsement!

Congresswoman Martha Roby of Alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our Make America Great Again Agenda. She is in a Republican Primary run-off against a recent Nancy Pelosi voting Democrat. I fully endorse Martha for Alabama 2nd Congressional District!

Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a Big South Carolina Victory. I will see you all in S.C on Monday and Vice President Pence will be there for Henry on Saturday!

Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November. Dems are just playing games, have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave!

Elect more Republicans in  November and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anywhere in the world. Right now we have the dumbest and the worst. Dems are doing nothing but Obstructing. Remember their motto, RESIST! Ours is PRODUCE!

Even if we get 100% Republican votes in the Senate, we need 10 Democrat votes to get a much needed Immigration Bill - &amp; the Dems are Obstructionists who wont give votes for political reasons &amp; because they dont care about Crime coming from Border! So we need to elect more Rs!

Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book, Liars, Leakers and Liberals, the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy, which is fantastic. Go get it!

You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including heart, without getting Dem votes. Problem is, they dont care about security and Rs do. Zero Dems voted to support the Goodlatte Bill. They wont vote for anything!

We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of  and if we show any weakness, millions of people will journey into our country

I REALLY DONT CARE, DO U? written on the back of Melanias jacket, refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has learned how dishonest they are, and she truly no longer cares!

Big Supreme Court win on internet sales tax - about time! Big victory for fairness and for our country. Great victory for consumers and retailers

Farm Bill just passed in the House. So happy to see work requirements included. Big win for the farmers!

I was thrilled to be back in Minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking American Patriots. Thank you!

The real big story that affects everybody in America is the success of @POTUSs TAX CUT package and what its done for our economy... @Varneyco

My Administration is acting swiftly to address the illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border. Loopholes in our immigration laws all supported by extremist open border Democrats...and thats what they are - theyre extremist open border Democrats

Democrats want open Borders, where anyone can come into our Country, and stay. This is Nancy Pelosis dream. It wont happen!

Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The state is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and Strong on Borders, Healthcare, the Military and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endrosement! #MAGA

What is the purpose of the House doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by Democrats in the Senate, and the Dems are only looking to Obstruct (which they feel is good for them in the Mid-Terms). Republicans must get rid of the stupid Filibuster Rule-it is killing you!

Last night in Minnesota was incredible. What a crowd!

Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The State is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and strong on Borders, Health Care, the Mititary and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endorsement! #MAGA

I will be going the Columbia, South Carolina, on Monday night to do a campaign speech for one of my very early supporters, a man who truly loves the people of South Carolina, Governor Henry McMaster. Henry worked so hard &amp; was so loyal to me that I look forward to reciprocating!

The Border has been a big mess and problem for many years. At some point Schumer and Pelosi, who are weak on Crime and Border security, will be forced to do a real deal, so easy, that solves this long time problem. Schumer used to want Border security - now hell take Crime!

We shouldnt be hiring judges by the thousands, as our ridiculous immigration laws demand, we should be changing our laws, building the Wall, hire Border Agents and Ice and not let people come into our country based on the legal phrase they are told to say as their password

ALL-TIME RECORD OPTIMISM!

Just returning from the Great State of Minnesota where we had an incredible rally with 9,000 people, and at least 10,000 who could not get in - I will return! Congratulations to @PeteStauber who is loved and respected in Minnesota!

Thank you Duluth, Minnesota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

So sorry, people wanting to get into the already packed arena - I LOVE YOU ALL!

Just landed in Duluth, Minnesota. Two events planned - looking forward to them and being with @PeteStauber and his wonderful family!

Dont worry, the Republicans, and your President, will fix it!

Look what Fake ABC News put out. I guess they had it prepared from the 13 Angry Democrats leading the Witch Hunt! #StopTheBias

Had a great meeting with the House GOP last night at the Capitol. They applauded and laughed loudly when I mentioned my experience with Mark Sanford. I have never been a fan of his!

More records! #MAGA

FBI texts have revealed anti-Trump Bias. @FoxNews  Big News, but the Fake News doesnt want to cover. Total corruption - the Witch Hunt has turned out to be a scam! At some point soon the Mainstream Media will have to cover correctly, too big a story!

Its the Democrats fault, they wont give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation. They want open borders, which breeds horrible crime. Republicans want security. But I am working on something - it never ends!

The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration. Our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world, and the Dems will do anything not to change them &amp; to obstruct-want open borders which means crime!

THANK YOU @HouseGOP!

Earlier today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to the @WhiteHouse!

Homeland Security @SecNielsen did a fabulous job yesterday at the press conference explaining security at the border and for our country, while at the same time recommending changes to obsolete &amp; nasty laws, which force family separation. We want heart and security in America!

I want to take a moment to address the current illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border...it has been going on for many, many decades

THANK YOU @NFIB! #NFIB75

Join me tomorrow in Duluth, Minnesota for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets:

#CHANGETHELAWS   Now is the best opportunity ever for Congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigration. Get it done, always keeping in mind that we must have strong border security

We must always arrest people coming into our Country illegally. Of the 12,000 children, 10,000 are being sent by their parents on a very dangerous trip, and only 2000 are with their parents, many of whom have tried to enter our Country illegally on numerous occasions

Democrats are the problem. They dont care about crime and want illegal immigrants, no matter how bad they may be, to pour into and infest our Country, like MS-13. They cant win on their terrible policies, so they view them as potential voters!

If you dont have Borders, you dont have a Country!

Crime in Germany is up 10% plus (officials do not want to report these crimes) since migrants were accepted. Others countries are even worse. Be smart America!

I cant think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their powers to affect an election! Inspector General Horowitz on what was going on with numerous people regarding my election. A Rigged Witch Hunt!p

Comey gave Strozk his marching orders. Mueller is Comeys best friend. Witch Hunt!

If President Obama (who got nowhere with North Korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people being killed) had gotten along with North Korea and made the initial steps toward a deal that I have, the Fake News would have named him a national hero!

It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to start thinking about the people devastated by Crime coming from illegal immigration. Change the laws!

CHANGE THE LAWS!

Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country. Has anyone been looking at the Crime taking place south of the border. It is historic, with some countries the most dangerous places in the world. Not going to happen in the U.S

We dont want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us!

The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coalition. Crime in Germany is way up. Big mistake made all over Europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture!

Why dont the Democrats give us the votes to fix the worlds worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs, including MS-13, coming into our country illegally?

The highest level of bias Ive ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer. Trey Gowdy on the FBIs own, Peter Strzok. Also remember that they all worked for Slippery James Comey and that Comey is best friends with Robert Mueller. A really sick deal, isnt it?

The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security &amp; Safety. Dont wait until after the election because you are going to lose!

Why was the FBIs sick loser, Peter Strzok, working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry &amp; Conflicted Democrats, when Strzok was giving Crooked Hillary a free pass yet telling his lover, lawyer Lisa Page, that well stop Trump from becoming President? Witch Hunt!

Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media. They are not supposed to be doing that, and knowing the enemy of the people Fake News, they put their own spin on it - truth doesnt matter to them!

WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh, I see, there was no Russian Collusion, so now they look for obstruction on the no Russian Collusion. The phony Russian Collusion was a made up Hoax. Too bad they didnt look at Crooked Hillary like this. Double Standard!

Washington Post employees want to go on strike because Bezos isnt paying them enough. I think a really long strike would be a great idea. Employees would get more money and we would get rid of Fake News for an extended period of time! Is @WaPo a registered lobbyist?

Our economy is perhaps BETTER than it has ever been. Companies doing really well, and moving back to America, and jobs numbers are the best in 44 years

The denuclearization deal with North Korea is being praised and celebrated all over Asia. They are so happy! Over here, in our country, some people would rather see this historic deal fail than give Trump a win, even if it does save potentially millions &amp; millions of lives!

Holding back the war games during the negotiations was my request because they are VERY EXPENSIVE and set a bad light during a good faith negotiation. Also, quite provocative. Can start up immediately if talks break down, which I hope will not happen!

Funny how the Fake News, in a coordinated effort with each other, likes to say I gave sooo much to North Korea because I met. Thats because thats all they have to disparage! We got so much for peace in the world, &amp; more is being added in finals. Even got our hostages/remains!

Daniel Henninger of The Wall Street Journal: This IG Report makes it clear, as did Rod Rosensteins memo, that Trump was absolutely justified, unquestionably justified, in firing Jim Comey. So I think the Mueller Investigation is on pretty weak grounds right now.  Witch Hunt!

Please clear up the Fake News!

Chuck Schumer said the Summit was what the Texans call all cattle and no hat. Thank you Chuck, but are you sure you got that right? No more nuclear testing or rockets flying all over the place, blew up launch sites. Hostages already back, hero remains coming home &amp; much more!

The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!

The IG Report totally distroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!

My supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history. It is a beautiful thing to watch as we win elections and gather support from all over the country. As we get stronger, so does our country. Best numbers ever!

Democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation, for a change! This is why we need more Republicans elected in November. Democrats are good at only three things, High Taxes, High Crime and Obstruction. Sad!

Great discussions with European Union Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and EU Council President Donald Tusk at the #G7Summit in Canada last week

The Fake News Media said that I did not get along with other Leaders at the #G7Summit in Canada. They are once again, WRONG!

I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel of Germany, but the Fake News Media only shows the bad photos (implying anger) of negotiating an agreement - where I am asking for things that no other American President would ask for!

Ive had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and now I have to beat a phony Witch Hunt and all of the dishonest people covered in the IG Report...and never forget the Fake News Media. It never ends!

Wow, what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort, who has represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other top political people and campaigns. Didnt know Manafort was the head of the Mob. What about Comey and Crooked Hillary and all of the others? Very unfair!

The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. Any Immigration Bill MUST HAVE full funding for the Wall, end Catch &amp; Release, Visa Lottery and Chain, and go to Merit Based Immigration. Go for it! WIN!

Donald Trump was 100% right to fire James Comey. Mark Levin

Why in the world didnt Barack Obama fire this guy (Comey)? asks Mark Levin!

Wow, the highest rated (by far) morning show, @foxandfriends, is on the Front Lawn of the White House. Maybe Ill have to take an unannounced trip down to see them?

U.S.A. Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years. If my opponent (the Democrats) had won the election, they would have raised taxes substantially and increased regulations - the economy, and jobs, would have been a disaster!

Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U.S.A., Mexico and Canada. I worked hard on this, along with a Great Team of talented people. We never fail, and it will be a great World Cup! A special thanks to Bob Kraft for excellent advice

The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey, his minions and sadly, the FBI. Comey will now officially go down as the worst leader, by far, in the history of the FBI. I did a great service to the people in firing him. Good Instincts. Christopher Wray will bring it proudly back!

FBI Agent Peter Strzok, who headed the Clinton &amp; Russia investigations, texted to his lover Lisa Page, in the IG Report, that well stop candidate Trump from becoming President. Doesnt get any lower than that!

Happy #FlagDay

Happy 243rd Birthday to the @USArmy! Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, and dedication to the U.S.A. We love you!

Schneiderman, who ran the Clinton campaign in New York, never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case, which lingered in their office for almost 2 years. Now he resigned his office in disgrace, and his disciples brought it when we would not settle

The sleazy New York Democrats, and their now disgraced (and run out of town) A.G. Eric Schneiderman, are doing everything they can to sue me on a foundation that took in $18,800,000 and gave out to charity more money than it took in, $19,200,000. I wont settle this case!

So, the Democrats make up a phony crime, Collusion with the Russians, pay a fortune to make the crime sound real, illegally leak (Comey) classified information so that a Special Councel will be appointed, and then Collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in Fake News!

Now that I am back from Singapore, where we had a great result with respect to North Korea, the thought process must sadly go back to the Witch Hunt, always remembering that there was No Collusion and No Obstruction of the fabricated No Crime

The Republican Party is starting to show very big numbers. People are starting to see what is being done. Results are speaking loudly. North Korea and our greatest ever economy are leading the way!

Congratulations to @KevinCramer on his huge win in North Dakota. We need Kevin in the Senate, and I strongly endorse him. Heidi voted NO on our Tax Cuts, and always will vote no when we need her. Kevin is strong on Crime &amp; Borders, big on Cutting Taxes!

Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November!

Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state. RVs are not for her. People are really upset, so phony! Josh Hawley should win big, and has my full endorsement

So funny to watch the Fake News, especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Korea. 500 days ago they would have begged for this deal-looked like war would break out. Our Countrys biggest enemy is the Fake News so easily promulgated by fools!

Oil prices are too high, OPEC is at it again. Not good!

The U.S., together with Mexico and Canada, just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work!

We save a fortune by not doing war games, as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are!

Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem. No longer - sleep well tonight!

Just landed - a long trip, but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea. Meeting with Kim Jong Un was an interesting and very positive experience. North Korea has great potential for the future!

Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia. Now he runs against a total stiff, Tim Kaine, who is weak on crime and borders, and wants to raise your taxes through the roof. Dont underestimate Corey, a major chance of winning!

realize the economy is the best its ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!

Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be punch-drunk. I guess he doesnt

My political representatives didnt want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would easily win - but with a few hours left I felt that Katie was such a good candidate, and Sanford was so bad, I had to give it a shot. Congrats to Katie Arrington!

A year ago the pundits &amp; talking heads, people that couldnt do the job before, were begging for conciliation and peace - please meet, dont go to war. Now that we meet and have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un, the same haters shout out, you shouldnt meet, do not meet!

The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches, nuclear testing or research! The hostages are back home with their families. Thank you to Chairman Kim, our day together was historic!

I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unprecedented meeting  the first between an American President and a leader of North Korea  proves that real change is possible!

There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce &amp; engagement w/ the world. Chairman Kim has before him the opportunity to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security &amp; prosperity for his citizens!

Its time for another #MAGA rally. Join me in Duluth, Minnesota on Wednesday, June 20th at 6:30pm!
Tickets

Here is the video, A Story of Opportunity that I shared with Kim Jong-un at the #SingaporeSummit

realize the economy is the best its ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!

Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received to many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be punch-drunk. I guess he doesnt

Got along great with Kim Jong-un who wants to see wonderful things for his country. As I said earlier today: Anyone can make war, but only the most courageous can make peace! #SingaporeSummit

Heading back home from Singapore after a truly amazing visit. Great progress was made on the denuclearization of North Korea. Hostages are back home, will be getting the remains of our great heroes back to their families, no missiles shot, no research happening, sites closing

Mark Sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to MAGA. He is MIA and nothing but trouble. He is better off in Argentina. I fully endorse Katie Arrington for Congress in SC, a state I love. She is tough on crime and will continue our fight to lower taxes. VOTE Katie!

I strongly endorse Adam Laxalt for Governor of Nevada. Adam is smart, works hard, and knows how to win. He will be a great Governor. Also, will fight hard to lower your taxes and is tough on crime!

Our Great Larry Kudlow, who has been working so hard on trade and the economy, has just suffered a heart attack. He is now in Walter Reed Medical Center

Just won big Supreme Court decision on Voting! Great News!

The fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U.S., say the haters &amp; losers. We have our hostages, testing, research and all missle launches have stoped, and these pundits, who have called me wrong from the beginning, have nothing else they can say! We will be fine!

Stock Market up almost 40% since the Election, with 7 Trillion Dollars of U.S. value built throughout the economy. Lowest unemployment rate in many decades, with Black &amp; Hispanic unemployment lowest in History, and Female unemployment lowest in 21 years. Highest confidence ever!

Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly....but in the end, that doesnt matter. We will all know soon whether or not a real deal, unlike those of the past, can happen!

Thank you Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong!

Sorry, we cannot let our friends, or enemies, take advantage of us on Trade anymore. We must put the American worker first!

Great to be in Singapore, excitement in the air!

Germany pays 1% (slowly) of GDP towards NATO, while we pay 4% of a MUCH larger GDP. Does anybody believe that makes sense? We protect Europe (which is good) at great financial loss, and then get unfairly clobbered on Trade. Change is coming!

And add to that the fact that the U.S. pays close to the entire cost of NATO-protecting many of these same countries that rip us off on Trade (they pay only a fraction of the cost-and laugh!). The European Union had a $151 Billion Surplus-should pay much more for Military!

Why should I, as President of the United States, allow countries to continue to make Massive Trade Surpluses, as they have for decades, while our Farmers, Workers &amp; Taxpayers have such a big and unfair price to pay? Not fair to the PEOPLE of America! $800 Billion Trade Deficit

Fair Trade is now to be called Fool Trade if it is not Reciprocal. According to a Canada release, they make almost 100 Billion Dollars in Trade with U.S. (guess they were bragging and got caught!). Minimum is 17B. Tax Dairy from us at 270%. Then Justin acts hurt when called out!

PM Justin Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild during our @G7 meetings only to give a news conference after I left saying that, US Tariffs were kind of insulting and he will not be pushed around. Very dishonest &amp; weak. Our Tariffs are in response to his of 270% on dairy!

Based on Justins false statements at his news conference, and the fact that Canada is charging massive Tariffs to our U.S. farmers, workers and companies, I have instructed our U.S. Reps not to endorse the Communique as we look at Tariffs on automobiles flooding the U.S. Market!

Create peace and great prosperity for his land. I look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this one-time opportunity will not be wasted!

I am on my way to Singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for North Korea and the World. It will certainly be an exciting day and I know that Kim Jong-un will work very hard to do something that has rarely been done before

The United States will not allow other countries to impose massive Tariffs and Trade Barriers on its farmers, workers and companies. While sending their product into our country tax free. We have put up with Trade Abuse for many decades  and that is long enough

U.S.A. Trade. They fully understand where I am coming from. After many decades, fair and reciprocal Trade will happen!

Just left the @G7 Summit in beautiful Canada. Great meetings and relationships with the six Country Leaders especially since they know I cannot allow them to apply large Tariffs and strong barriers to

Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy, @GiuseppeConteIT, a really great guy. He will be honored in Washington, at the @WhiteHouse, shortly. He will do a great job - the people of Italy got it right!

Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Borders, great for our Military and our Vets. He is doing a fantastic job as your Governor, and has my full endorsement, a special guy. Vote on Tuesday!

@G7 Press Briefing in Charlevoix, Canada, prior to departing for Singapore!

My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somalia. They are truly all HEROES

My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somolia. They are truly all HEROES

I am heading for Canada and the G-7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced against the United States. From there I go to Singapore and talks with North Korea on Denuclearization. Wont be talking about the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax for a while!

Congratulations to the Washington Capitals on their GREAT play and winning the Stanley Cup Championship. Alex Ovechkin, the team captain, was spectacular - a true Superstar! D.C. is popping, in many ways. What a time!

Looking forward to straightening out unfair Trade Deals with the G-7 countries. If it doesnt happen, we come out even better!

Canada charges the U.S. a 270%  tariff on Dairy Products! They didnt tell you that, did they? Not fair to our farmers!

Obama, Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea, and now weak on Crime, High Tax Schumer is telling me what to do at the Summit the Dems could never set up. Schumer failed with North Korea and Iran, we dont need his advice!

Why isnt the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs and non-monetary Trade Barriers against the U.S. Totally unfair to our farmers, workers &amp; companies. Take down your tariffs &amp; barriers or we will more than match you!

Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant, bringing up the relationship that the U.S. and Canada had over the many years and all sorts of other things...but he doesnt bring up the fact that they charge us up to 300% on dairy  hurting our Farmers, killing our Agriculture!

Please tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are charging the U.S. massive tariffs and create non-monetary barriers. The EU trade surplus with the U.S. is $151 Billion, and Canada keeps our farmers and others out. Look forward to seeing them tomorrow

Great day of meetings with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan!

PM Abe and I are also working to improve the trading relationship between the U.S. and Japan, something we have to do. The U.S. seeks a bilateral deal with Japan that is based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity. Were working hard to reduce our trade imbalance

Today, I am greatly honored to welcome my good friend, PM Abe of Japan to the @WhiteHouse. Over the past 16 months the Prime Minister and I have worked closely together to address common challenges, of which there are many

Its my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @AbeShinzo back to the @WhiteHouse!

$3 billion payoff: 101 utilities cut rates, credit GOP tax cuts

Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years

Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years

MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States. This is totally illegal. Perhaps we could get the 13 Angry Democrats to divert some of their energy to this matter (as Comey would call it). Investigate!

When will people start saying, thank you, Mr. President, for firing James Comey?

Our Justice Department must not let Awan &amp; Debbie Wasserman Schultz off the hook. The Democrat I.T. scandal is a key to much of the corruption we see today. They want to make a plea deal to hide what is on their Server. Where is Server? Really bad!

Looking forward to seeing my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan at noon. Will be discussing North Korea and Trade

How could Jeff Flake, who is setting record low polling numbers in Arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced out of his own Senate seat without even a fight (and who doesnt have a clue), think about running for office, even a lower one, again? Lets face it, hes a Flake!

When and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 Angry Democrats (plus) working on the Witch Hunt Hoax. There has never been a group of people on a case so biased or conflicted. It is all a Democrat Excuse for LOSING the Election. Where is the server?

Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: It all proves that we never needed a Special Counsel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Dont need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someones back. Not the way Justice should operate. So true!

Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: It all proves that we never needed a Special Councel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Dont need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someones back. Not the way Justice should operate. So true!

Good luck to Alice Johnson. Have a wonderful life!

Isnt it Ironic? Getting ready to go to the G-7 in Canada to fight for our country on Trade (we have the worst trade deals ever made), then off to Singapore to meet with North Korea &amp; the Nuclear Problem...But back home we still have the 13 Angry Democrats pushing the Witch Hunt!

Thank you to everyone at @FEMA HQ for todays briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season. Disaster response and recovery is best achieved when its federally supported, state managed, and locally executed  this is the successful model we will continue to build

We must always protect those who protect us. Today, it was my great honor to sign the #VAMissionAct and to make Veterans Choice the permanent law of the land!

Today we mark another milestone: the 74th anniversary of #DDay, the Allied invasion of Normandy. On June 6, 1944, more than 70,000 brave young Americans charged out of landing craft, jumped out of airplanes, and stormed into hell

Congratulations to Dana Rohrabacher on his big California win. We are proud of you Dana!

Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible. The political pundits just dont get what is going on out there - or they do get it but refuse to report the facts! Remember, Dems are High Tax, High Crime, easy to beat!

Four reporters spotted Melania in the White House last week walking merrily along to a meeting. They never reported the sighting because it would hurt the sick narrative that she was living in a different part of the world, was really ill, or whatever. Fake News is really bad!

The Fake News Media has been so unfair, and vicious, to my wife and our great First Lady, Melania. During her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death, to facelift, to left the W.H. (and me) for N.Y. or Virginia, to abuse. All Fake, she is doing really well!

Gold Star father, Ceejay Metcalf, whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House, was fantastic this morning on @foxandfriends. He is a special man!

Great night for Republicans! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California. He can win. Even Fake News CNN said the Trump impact was really big, much bigger than they ever thought possible. So much for the big Blue Wave, it may be a big Red Wave. Working hard!

Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senates August Recess. Great, maybe the Democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of High Crime and High Taxes. We need Border Security!

The greatest Witch Hunt in political history!

This is a level of criminality beyond the pale. This is such a grave abuse of power and authority, its like nothing else weve seen in our history. This makes the Nixon Watergate burglary look like keystone cop stuff

Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch. They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U.S. These are all violations of law. This is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election. Theres nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system

Great interview by @LouDobbs with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign. SPYGATE at the highest level. Who would believe?

Wow, Strzok-Page, the incompetent &amp; corrupt FBI lovers, have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign dating way back to December, 2015. SPYGATE is in full force! Is the Mainstream Media interested yet? Big stuff!

Imagine how much wasteful spending wed save if we didnt have Chuck and Nancy standing in our way! For years, Democrats in Congress have depleted our military and busted our budgets on needless spending, and to what end? No more

The HISTORIC Rescissions Package weve proposed would cut $15,000,000,000 in Wasteful Spending! We are getting our government back on track

Terrific new book out by the wonderful Harris Faulkner, 9 Rules of Engagement. Harris shares lessons from a military family. Enjoy!

Senator @RogerWicker of Mississippi has done everything necessary to Make America Great Again! Get out and vote for Roger, he has my total support!

Vote for Congressman Devin Nunes, a true American Patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world....he truly loves our country and deserves everyones support!

Get the vote out in California today for Rep. Kevin McCarthy and all of the great GOP candidates for Congress. Keep our country out of the hands of High Tax, High Crime Nancy Pelosi

In High Tax, High Crime California, be sure to get out and vote for Republican John Cox for Governor. He will make a BIG difference!

Separating families at the Border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the Democrats. Border Security laws should be changed but the Dems cant get their act together! Started the Wall

@NASCAR and Champion @MartinTruex_Jr were recently at the White House. It was a great day for a great sport!

Meeting in Singapore with North Korea will hopefully be the start of something big...we will soon see!

The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didnt tell me he was going to recuse himself...I would have quickly picked someone else. So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined...and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion!

We have had many Championship teams recently at the White House including the Chicago Cubs, Houston Astros, Pittsburgh Penguins, New England Patriots, Alabama and Clemson National Champions, and many others. National Anthem &amp; more great music today at 3:00 P.M

We will proudly be playing the National Anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our Country today at 3 P.M., The White House, with the United States Marine Band and the United States Army Chorus. Honoring America! NFL, no escaping to Locker Rooms!

The U.S. has an increased economic value of more than 7 Trillion Dollars since the Election. May be the best economy in the history of our country. Record Jobs numbers. Nice!

What is taking so long with the Inspector Generals Report on Crooked Hillary and Slippery James Comey. Numerous delays. Hope Report is not being changed and made weaker! There are so many horrible things to tell, the public has the right to know. Transparency!

The Philadelphia Eagles Football Team was invited to the White House. Unfortunately, only a small number of players decided to come, and we canceled the event. Staying in the Locker Room for the playing of our National Anthem is as disrespectful to our country as kneeling. Sorry!

Big Supreme Court ruling for Baker just out!

In many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job!

The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony Russian Witch Hunt

#500Days of American Greatness:

The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!

Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years. Mexico, Canada, China and others have treated them unfairly. By the time I finish trade talks, that will change. Big trade barriers against U.S. farmers, and other businesses, will finally be broken. Massive trade deficits no longer!

The appointment of the Special Councel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!

The U.S. has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN!

China already charges a tax of 16% on soybeans. Canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our Agricultural products. Not acceptable!

As has been stated by numerous legal scholars, I have the absolute right to PARDON myself, but why would I do that when I have done nothing wrong? In the meantime, the never ending Witch Hunt, led by 13 very Angry and Conflicted Democrats (&amp; others) continues into the mid-terms!

This is the best time EVER to look for a job. James Freeman of WSJ

We had Repeal &amp; Replace done (and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars) except for one person, but it is getting done anyway. Individual Mandate is gone and great, less expensive plans will be announced this month. Drug prices coming down &amp; Right to Try!

This is my 500th. Day in Office and we have accomplished a lot - many believe more than any President in his first 500 days. Massive Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, Military &amp; Vets, Lower Crime &amp; Illegal Immigration, Stronger Borders, Judgeships, Best Economy &amp; Jobs EVER, and much more

Mark Penn  Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Counsel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost. A disgrace!

Mark Penn  Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Councel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost. A disgrace!

Paul Manafort came into the campaign very late and was with us for a short period of time (he represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole &amp; many others over the years), but we should have been told that Comey and the boys were doing a number on him, and he wouldnt have been hired!

As only one of two people left who could become President, why wouldnt the FBI or Department of Justice have told me that they were secretly investigating Paul Manafort (on charges that were 10 years old and had been previously dropped) during my campaign? Should have told me!

Jesse Watters The only thing Trump obstructed was Hillary getting to the White House.  So true!

When youre almost 800 Billion Dollars a year down on Trade, you cant lose a Trade War! The U.S. has been ripped off by other countries for years on Trade, time to get smart!

Why is it that the Wall Street Journal, though well meaning, never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely charged against the U.S. by other countries, or the many Billions of Dollars that the Tariffs we are now charging are, and will be, pouring into U.S. coffers?

The United States must, at long last, be treated fairly on Trade. If we charge a country ZERO to sell their goods, and they charge us 25, 50 or even 100 percent to sell ours, it is UNFAIR and can no longer be tolerated. That is not Free or Fair Trade, it is Stupid Trade!

There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Counsel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?

There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Councel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?

Real @FoxNews is doing great, Fake News CNN is dead!

Very surprised that China would be doing this?

Now this is a record that will never be broken!

$17 million spent, its a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collusion, with Russians and the Democrats. The Mueller team is stacked with anti-Trumpers, who actually represented Clinton people (&amp; gave $s to Crooked H). Dan Bongino

John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar. Not only is he a liar, hes a liar about being a liar.  Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends

John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the Intelligence community than this liar. Hes a liar about being a liar

We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are.  Neil Irwin of the @nytimes

Today, it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard!

Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time. Highly restrictive on Trade! They must open their markets and take down their trade barriers! They report a really high surplus on trade with us. Do Timber &amp; Lumber in U.S.?

Looking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8:30 this morning

Why arent they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? A total double standard but thats O.K., we are Winning, and will be doing so for a long time to come!

A.P. has just reported that the Russian Hoax Investigation has now cost our government over $17 million, and going up fast. No Collusion, except by the Democrats!

FAIR TRADE!

Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh DSouza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government!

Very good meetings with North Korea

Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative, but they know it is not true!

The corrupt Mainstream Media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people, Spies (Informants), into my campaign! Surveillance much?

Iger, where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people, and they demand a response. How is Brian Ross doing? He tanked the market with an ABC lie, yet no apology. Double Standard!

RUSH LIMBAUGH  If the FBI was so concerned, and if they werent targeting Trump, they should have told Trump. If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign (hoax), then why not try to stop it? Why not tell Trump? Because they were pushing this scam

The recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States. JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney

The soon to be released book, The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump, written by Gregg Jarrett, looks like a real deal big hit. The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see! Out in 5 weeks

Very importantly, @RepDanDonovan will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We cant take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat!

There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan, who is strong on Borders &amp; Crime, loves our Military &amp; our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement!

Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing

Moments ago, it was my great honor to sign #RightToTry into law!

With the #RightToTry Law I signed today, patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions. These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise

Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the #RightToTry Legislation into law

Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that ABC does not tolerate comments like those made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didnt get the call?

The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at 1000 people, when in fact it was many times that number - and the arena was rockin. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who dont get me, and never did!

There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else! And I wish I did!

chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, oh by the way Im not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too...and thats how I read that - Senator Sessions, why didnt you tell me before I picked you

Rep.Trey Gowdy, I dont think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the countrys

The Fake Mainstream Media has, from the time I announced I was running for President, run the most highly sophisticated &amp; dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics. No matter how well WE do, they find fault. But the forgotten men &amp; women WON, Im President!

Sorry, Ive got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuilding the Military, and so much more, and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc

Why arent the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. Its a Rigged Witch Hunt, thats why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!

The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats!

This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasnt just a wiretap against a campaign aide...it was secretly gathering information on the Trump Campaign...people call that Spying...this is unprecedented and  scandalous. Mollie Hemingway

We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit, and more. Kim Young Chol, the Vice Chairman of North Korea, heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter, thank you!

Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obamas term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad, but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country...Bipartisan Bill!

California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax, problems - along with so many others. On June 5th., vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX, a really good and highly competent man. Hell Make California Great Again!

A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts (no chance). This is too good to be true for Republicans...Remember, the Nancy Pelosi Dems are also weak on Crime, the Border and want to be gentle and kind to MS-13 gang members...not good!

Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served. They cared for their families more than anything in the world, they loved their families. They inspired their communities

The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields, in cemeteries, battlefields, and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of American life. They came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies, from privilege and from poverty

Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of @ArlingtonNatl Cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of Americas greatest heroes, the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom. #MemorialDay

We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate, or his campaign, under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd...this goes to the heart of our electoral system. Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews

Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really quite unbelievable. Jonathan Turley

The President deserves some answers. @FoxNews in discussing SPYGATE

Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today. Best economy in decades, lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER (&amp; women in 18years), rebuilding our Military and so much more. Nice!

#MemorialDay

Why didnt President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win, and he didnt want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge, not me, and did nothing

Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself. I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen!

Why didnt the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton, many crimes, much Collusion with Russia? Why didnt the FBI take the Server from the DNC?  Rigged Investigation!

Fantastic to have 400,000 GREAT MEN &amp; WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D.C. showing their patriotism. They love our Country, they love our Flag, they stand for our National Anthem! Thanks to Executive Director Artie Muller

Whos going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt? They journeyed down to Washington, D.C., with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation...They went back home in tatters!

WELCOME HOME JOSH!

When will the 13 Angry Democrats (&amp; those who worked for President O), reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Interest? Its been a long time now! Will they be indelibly written into the Report along with the fact that the only Collusion is with the Dems, Justice, FBI &amp; Russia?

This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that havent been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats, and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. #SPYGATE &amp; CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!

With Spies, or Informants as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but its not), all over my campaign, even from a very early date, why didnt the crooked highest levels of the FBI or Justice contact me to tell me of the  phony Russia problem?

The Failing @nytimes quotes a senior White House official, who doesnt exist, as saying even if the meeting were reinstated, holding it on June 12 would be impossible, given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed. WRONG AGAIN! Use real people, not phony sources

Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe, there is ZERO disagreement within the Trump Administration as to  how to deal with North Korea...and if there was, it wouldnt matter. The @nytimes has called me wrong right from the beginning!

Thanks to very brave Teacher &amp; Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville, Indiana, for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives. His quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world!

Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating!

Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the Border into the U.S. Catch and Release, Lottery and Chain must also go with it and we MUST continue building the WALL! DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS-13 THUGS

Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D.C. this evening and be in the White House, with his family, at about 7:00 P.M. The great people of Utah will be very happy!

We are having very productive talks with North Korea about reinstating the Summit which, if it does happen, will likely remain in Singapore on the same date, June 12th., and, if necessary, will be extended beyond that date

but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals (Iran) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world!

Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees, change of management and board, must purchase U.S. parts and pay a $1.3 Billion fine. Dems do nothing

Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they dont even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the Obama Administration did NOTHING on trade except let other countries rip off the United States. Lost almost $800 Billion/year under O

Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just wont let them do their job. The killings are at a record pace and tough police work, which Chicago will not allow, would bring things back to order fast...the killings must stop!

To the @NavalAcademy Class of 2018, I say: We know you are up to the task. We know you will make us proud. We know that glory will be yours. Because you are WINNERS, you are WARRIORS, you are FIGHTERS, you are CHAMPIONS, and YOU will lead us to VICTORY! God Bless the U.S.A.!

On behalf of the American People, CONGRATULATIONS! We love you!

Today, it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States @NavalAcademy in Annapolis, Maryland. Congratulations!

Good luck. Godspeed. And ANCHORS AWEIGH!

Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead, hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace. Only time (and talent) will tell!

Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea. Just like they are coming to the defense of MS 13 thugs, saying that they are individuals &amp; must be nurtured, or asking to end your big Tax Cuts &amp; raise your taxes instead. Dems have lost touch!

Everyone knows there was a Spy, and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy...Widespread Spying involving multiple people. Mollie Hemingway, The Federalist Senior Editor  But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story!

Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign, by the people and party in absolute power, for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain? And to think that the party in question, even with the expenditure of far more money, LOST!

The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing partys campaign is different than having a Spy, as illegal as that may be. But what about an Informant who is paid a fortune and who sets up way earlier than the Russian Hoax?

I will be making the Commencment Address today at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. Look forward to being with some of the greatest people on earth!

Today, it was my great honor to present the #MedalOfHonor to @USNavy (SEAL) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Britt Slabinski in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Full ceremony:

Today, it was my honor to sign #S2155, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. Read more:

I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th. While many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead potentially, I believe that this is a tremendous setback for North Korea and indeed a setback for the world

It was my great honor to host a roundtable re: MS-13 yesterday in Bethpage, New York. Democrats must abandon their resistance to border security so that we can SUPPORT law enforcement and SAVE innocent lives!

Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un

Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jung Un

Not surprisingly, the GREAT Men &amp; Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey, McCabe and all of the political corruption and poor leadership found within the top ranks of the FBI. Comey was a terrible and corrupt leader who inflicted great pain on the FBI! #SPYGATE

Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy, far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history. SPYGATE - a terrible thing!

Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!

Great to be in New York for the day. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now, lots of work to be done!

Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage, New York. Keep up the great work!

Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities - and Democrats in Congress REFUSE to close these loopholes, including the disgraceful practice known as Catch-and-Release. Democrats must abandon their resistance

Today on Long Island, we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of MS-13. I was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the State of the Union

Thank you @SBAList! #SBAGala

WITCH HUNT!

There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries, you have waited long enough!

Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years, RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK

Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely, but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion

Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign No, James Clapper, I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal, and a scandal to boot!

Everybody is with Tomi Lahren, a truly outstanding and respected young woman! @foxandfriends

SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!

Its clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign Judge Andrew Napolitano

Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up Scam, and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around, comes around!

@foxandfriends  New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign? Even Clapper, worlds dumbest former Intelligence Head, who has the problem of lying a lot, used the word SPY when describing the illegal activities!

If the person placed very early into my campaign wasnt a SPY put there by the previous Administration for political purposes, how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered - many times higher than normal

Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia, because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders, who got duped!

For the first time since Roe v. Wade, America has a Pro-Life President, a Pro-Life Vice President, a Pro-Life House of Representatives and 25 Pro-Life Republican State Capitals!

It was my honor to welcome @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @MartinTruex_Jr and his team to the @WhiteHouse yesterday!

Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the @WhiteHouse!

@AsaHutchinson, the great Governor of Arkansas, is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes, border security, and crime prevention. Asa loves our military and our veterans. I fully endorse Asa for Governor!

Under our potential deal with China, they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce

The Wall Street Journal asks, WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?  A very good question!

they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole Debacle. This was a Political hit job, this was not an Intelligence Investigation. Brennan has disgraced himself, hes worried about staying out of Jail. Dan Bongino

top of the FBI. Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump. We now know that Brennan had detailed knowledge of the (phony) Dossier...he knows about the Dossier, he denies knowledge of the Dossier, he briefs the Gang of 8 on the Hill about the Dossier, which

John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the Country, he has disgraced the entire Intelligence Community. He is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of Americans faith in the Intelligence Community and in some people at the

China must continue to be strong &amp; tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recently the Border has become much more porous and more has been filtering in. I want this to happen, and North Korea to be VERY successful, but only after signing!

On China, Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time

China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years!

I ask Senator Chuck Schumer, why didnt President Obama &amp; the Democrats do something about Trade with China, including Theft of Intellectual Property etc.? They did NOTHING! With that being said, Chuck &amp; I have long agreed on this issue! Fair Trade, plus, with China will happen!

I hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBI/DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration!

The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now theyre looking at the rest of the World. Oh great!

and why hasnt the Podesta brother been charged and arrested, like others, after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm? Is it because he is a VERY well connected Democrat working in the Swamp of Washington, D.C.?

What ever happened to the Server, at the center of so much Corruption, that the Democratic National Committee REFUSED to hand over to the hard charging (except in the case of Democrats) FBI? They broke into homes &amp; offices early in the morning, but were afraid to take the Server?

Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World, they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party. Dont worry about Dems FISA Abuse, missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier!

in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33,000 Emails, got $145,000,000 while Secretary of State, paid McCabes wife $700,000 (and got off the FBI hook along with Terry M) and so much more. Republicans and real Americans should start getting tough on this Scam

At what point does this soon to be $20,000,000 Witch Hunt, composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrats and two people who have worked for Obama for 8 years, STOP! They have found no Collussion with Russia, No Obstruction, but they arent looking at the corruption

Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) @nytimes has done a long &amp; boring story indicating that the Worlds most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia &amp; me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!

If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign, that is a really big deal. Only the release or review of documents that the House Intelligence Committee (also, Senate Judiciary) is asking for can give the conclusive answers. Drain the Swamp!

Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!

Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melanie is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!

Happy #ArmedForcesDay to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation!

America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal. We have ended the war on coal, and will continue to work to promote American energy dominance!

California finally deserves a great Governor, one who understands borders, crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is the man - hell be the best Governor youve ever had. I fully endorse John Cox for Governor and look forward to working with him to Make California Great Again!

Just met with UN Secretary-General Antnio Guterres who is working hard to Make the United Nations Great Again. When the UN does more to solve conflicts around the world, it means the U.S. has less to do and we save money. @NikkiHaley is doing a fantastic job!

America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption. America is a Nation that believes in second chances - and America is a Nation that believes that the best is always yet to come! #PrisonReform

We grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in Texas. To the students, families, teachers and personnel at Santa Fe High School  we are with you in this tragic hour, and we will be with you forever

School shooting in Texas. Early reports not looking good. God bless all!

Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted, for political purposes, into my campaign for president. It took place very early on, and long before the phony Russia Hoax became a hot Fake News story. If true - all time biggest political scandal!

Why isnt disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700,000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia, led by Clinton best friend Terry M (under FBI investigation that they killed) gave to McCabes wife in her run for office? Then dropped case on Clinton!

Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants, or Illegal Immigrants, Animals. Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories. I referred to MS 13 Gang Members as Animals, a big difference - and so true. Fake News got it purposely wrong, as usual!

Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary, they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didnt commit.  David Asman  @LouDobbs @GreggJarrett   Really bad stuff!

It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center. There is nobody like them!

Tomorrow, the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill, which includes work requirements. We must support our Nations great farmers!

Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week. He is doing such a good job for Argentina. I support his vision for transforming his countrys economy and unleashing its potential!

Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the Peoples Republic of China, Liu He

Congratulations to our new CIA Director, Gina Haspel!

Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care. Putting politics over our veterans care is UNACCEPTABLE  Senate must vote yes on this bill by Memorial Day!

Despite the disgusting, illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt, we have had the most successful first 17 month Administration in U.S. history - by far! Sorry to the Fake News Media and Haters, but thats the way it is!

Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT. Andrew McCarthy says, Theres probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign. If so, this is bigger than Watergate!

Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT. Andrew McCarthy says, Theres probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign. If so, this is bigger than Watergate!

Congratulations America, we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money!

Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and the Senate should confirm her immediately. We need her to keep our great country safe! #ConfirmGina

and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. Hes also weak on borders and crime. Sadly, our great Military and Vets mean nothing to Bobby Jr. Lou Barletta will win! #MAGA

Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent, Bob Casey, has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi, Elizabeth Warren lines, loves sanctuary cities, bad and expensive healthcare

Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the @WhiteHouse!

House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets, caregivers, and Veterans Service Organizations? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day!

We have not seen Chinas demands yet, which should be few in that previous U.S. Administrations have done so poorly in negotiating. China has seen our demands. There has been no folding as the media would love people to believe, the meetings

havent even started yet! The U.S. has very little to give, because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give!

The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it pertains to the larger trade deal. Our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China

Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! #MAGA

Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they havent been represented in many years. Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy, he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you to the Washington Examiner and @CortesSteve on the great article - on WINNING!

#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay

Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year  the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement Heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty. They made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace. We stand with our police (HEROES) 100%!

Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today!

Can you believe that with all of the made up, unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media, together with the  $10,000,000 Russian Witch Hunt (there is no Collusion), I now have my best Poll Numbers in a year. Much of the Media may be corrupt, but the People truly get it!

Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U.S., for many years. Stay tuned!

Our great First Lady is doing really well. Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days. Thank you for so much love and support!

Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady, Melania. Successful procedure, she is in good spirits. Thank you to all of the well-wishers!

The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible. With that being said, leakers are traitors and cowards, and we will find out who they are!

ZTE, the large Chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi

#USEmbassyJerusalem

Big day for Israel. Congratulations!

U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on @FoxNews &amp; @FoxBusiness. Lead up to 9:00 A.M. (eastern) event has already begun. A great day for Israel!

So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes &amp; see what is really going on. This kind of sickness &amp; hatred is not compatible with a loving, peaceful, &amp; successful country! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made

Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary. Now, that will not happen!

China and the United States are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China, for so many years, that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool, it will all work out!

President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone company, ZTE, a way to get back into business, fast. Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!

Happy Mothers Day!!!

The Senate should get funding done before the August break, or NOT GO HOME. Wall and Border Security should be included. Also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations, worst in history. Democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct, all they know how to do. STAY!

Irans Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached...just another indicator that it was all a big lie. But not anymore!

North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month, ahead of the big Summit Meeting on June 12th. Thank you, a very smart and gracious gesture!

Why doesnt the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administrations Anti-Trust Division has been, and is, opposed to the AT&amp;T purchase of Time Warner in a currently ongoing Trial. Such a disgrace in reporting!

Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all!

The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them  not one that takes advantage of them. We will work every day to ensure all Americans have access to the quality, affordable medication they need and deserve. We will not rest until the job is done!

Today, my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs for the American People. We will have tougher negotiation, more competition, and much lower prices at the pharmacy counter!

Thank you Indiana! #MAGA

The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th. We will both try to make it a very special moment for World Peace!

Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured!

Senator Cryin Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, &amp; then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesnt really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him!

On behalf of the American people, WELCOME HOME!

Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA!

Looking forward to greeting the Hostages (no longer) at 2:00 A.M

The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing), when in fact he was flying to North Korea. Fake News, so bad!

Secretary Pompeo and his guests will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 A.M. in the morning. I will be there to greet them. Very exciting!

I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea with the 3 wonderful gentlemen that everyone is looking so forward to meeting. They seem to be in good health. Also, good meeting with Kim Jong Un. Date &amp; Place set

Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs.  His Socialist opponent in November should not do well, a big failure in last job!

Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expanding group of very smart thinkers, and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going on...so good for our Country!

The Fake News is working overtime. Just reported that, despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy &amp; all things else, 91% of the Network News about me is negative (Fake). Why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt? Take away credentials?

The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement, and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in November. The Economy is sooo strong, and with Nancy Pelosi wanting to end the big Tax Cuts and Raise Taxes, why wouldnt we win?

The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing, we know what will happen. In just a short time, the worlds leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the worlds most dangerous weapons

Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal:

John Kerry cant get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John, you are hurting your country!

I will be speaking to my friend, President Xi of China, this morning at 8:30. The primary topics will be Trade, where good things will happen, and North Korea, where relationships and trust are building

Gina Haspel, my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA, is being praised for the fact that she has been, and alway will be, TOUGH ON TERROR! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone. The CIA wants her to lead them into Americas  bright and glorious future!

I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm

National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills disposed! Lets keep fighting this opioid epidemic, America!

The United States does not need John Kerrys possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal.  He was the one that created this MESS in the first place!

Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections, which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late!

Lisa Page, who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover, Peter S), and attorney Baker, are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught? Why is Peter S still there? What a total mess. Our Country has to get back to Business!

Good luck to Ric Grenell, our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy, he will represent our Country well!

The Great Revolt by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men &amp; Women are forgotten no longer!

The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice...and just wait till the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest!

The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion, Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK, what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up, phony crime.There is no O, its called Fighting Back

My highly respected nominee for CIA Director, Gina Haspel, has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that, in these very dangerous times, we have the most qualified person, a woman, who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina!

To the great people of West Virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is, Don Blankenship, currently running for Senate, cant win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey!

Thank you Cleveland, Ohio!

Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives. We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results, but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with U.S. trade wins!

Just returned home to the beautiful White House, from Dallas, where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and supporters of the @NRA. It was so wonderful to be there!

Great book just out by very successful businessman @AndyPuzder. Always known as somebody who knows how to win, Capitalist Comeback will be a big hit!

I want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the @NRA. We will never fail, and we will always protect your Second Amendment! God Bless you, and God Bless America!

We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end!

Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets. Politicians who put criminal aliens before American Citizens should be voted out of office!

All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator, and that no Government can ever take it away. We believe in the rule of law - and we support the men and women of law enforcement. We have pride in our history

JUST OUT: 3.9% Unemployment. 4% is Broken! In the meantime, WITCH HUNT!

Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today. Leaving soon!

NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite sources which are constantly wrong. Problem is, like so many others, the sources probably dont exist, they are fabricated, fiction! NBC, my former home with the Apprentice, is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad!

Andy McCarthy will be on  @LouDobbs tonight. 7:00 P.M. , @FoxBusiness

Because Jobs in the U.S. are doing so well, Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great!

Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico, which has a massive crime problem, is doing little to help!

#NationalDayOfPrayer

This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We wont forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vital, but the program needs work &amp; is running out of $. Congress must fix Choice Program by Memorial Day so VETS can get the care they deserve. I will sign immediately!

Today, it was my great honor to celebrate the #NationalDayOfPrayer at the @WhiteHouse, in the Rose Garden! Proclamation:

despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney, this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign, or campaign contributions, played no roll in this transaction

very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in Arbitration for damages against Ms. Clifford (Daniels). The agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair,

Mr. Cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign, from which he entered into, through reimbursement, a private contract between two parties, known as a non-disclosure agreement, or NDA. These agreements are

Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being with President Xi in the not too distant future. We will always have a good (great) relationship!

Ainsley Earnhardt, a truly great person, just wrote a wonderful book, The Light Within Me, which is doing really well. She is very special and so is her new book...bring it to number one!

As everybody is aware, the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North Korean Labor camp, but to no avail. Stay tuned!

This isnt some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States.  John Dowd, March 2018.  With North Korea, China, the Middle East and so much more, there is not much time to be thinking about this, especially since there was no Russian Collusion

I have been briefed on the U.S. C-130 Hercules cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Savannah Hilton Head International Airport. Please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims, their families and the great men and women of the National Guard

Congratulations @SecPompeo!

A Rigged System - They dont want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal justice? At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!

NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!

The questions are an intrusion into the Presidents Article 2  powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive Branch Employee...what the President was thinking is an outrageous.....as to the Presidents unfettered power to fire anyone... Joe Digenova, former US Attorney

There was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup &amp; trap). What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War, Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits, Negotiations on NAFTA, and much more. Witch Hunt!

Today, it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the @WhiteHouse!

Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football!

Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chiefs Trophy, for the first time in 21 years, to the @ArmyWP_Football Black Knights at the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations!

Yesterday, it was my great honor to welcome President @MBuhari of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the @WhiteHouse!

It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt!

Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like North Korea, this should have been fixed years ago, not now. Same with other countries and NAFTA...but it will all get done. Great Potential for USA!

So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were leaked to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh, I see...you have a made up, phony crime, Collusion, that never existed, and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!

The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina, both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going bonkers!

The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who dont exist). They are totally unhinged, and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they cant believe they are saying. Truly bad people!

During Small Business Week, we celebrate the great, hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!

The migrant caravan that is openly defying our border shows how weak &amp; ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda  Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First

I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts. #DrainTheSwamp

Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING, but would Peace House/Freedom House, on the Border of North &amp; South Korea, be a more Representative, Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!

The White House Correspondents Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!

Headline: Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade - from the Failing New York Times. Also, will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May

The White House Correspondents Dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy comedian totally bombed (couldnt even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest, or start over!

Trumps Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy! Thank you Steve Hilton @NextRevFNC, just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A

Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well, much more has been accomplished!

While Washington, Michigan, was a big success, Washington, D.C., just didnt work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big, boring bust...the so-called comedian really bombed. @greggutfeld should host next year! @PeteHegseth

Great evening last night in Washington, Michigan. The enthusiasm, knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To the many thousands of people who couldnt get in, I cherish you....and will be back!

Join me LIVE in Washington, Michigan at 7:00pmE on @FoxNews! #MAGA

Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Testers statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with, just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!

Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight, will be live on T.V

Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well, time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set. Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations

Clapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN @foxandfriends FoxNews  He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN

great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire, and now, for no reason whatsoever, his reputation has been shattered. Not fair, Tester!

Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The

House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt!

House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Councel appointed. Witch Hunt!

I urge all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow! Lets come together and BEAT last Octobers record of disposed prescription pills! Visit  to learn more on how to participate Saturday and every day

Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. No evidence that the Trump Campaign colluded, coordinated or conspired with Russia. Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!

Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss, so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries!

Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott, they really get it (lowest Black &amp; Hispanic unemployment in history)

Please do not forget the great help that my good friend, President Xi of China, has given to the United States, particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer, tougher, process!

So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. These are truly brave and special people! @foxandfriends

KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States, and all of its GREAT people, should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!

After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing, a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place. Good things are happening, but only time will tell!

Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey cant define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesnt understand what he did or how serious it is. He lied all over the place to cover it up. Hes either very sick or very dumb. Remember sailor!

The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada &amp; Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U.S. bid. Why should we be supporting these countries when they dont support us (including at the United Nations)?

Loved being on @foxandfriends this morning. Great show!

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!

MAGA!

Thank you Kanye, very cool!

Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things, including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years, by many countries, on trade

@FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful, and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did

Busy day planned.  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!

Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent

Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history, culture, and destiny. We are people who cherish our values, protect our civilization, and recognize the image of God in every human soul

Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome French President @EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to the @WhiteHouse. We look forward to hosting them at tonights State Dinner, in their honor

@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!

@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic  Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!

President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship Unbreakable. History Shows Hes Right

Arizona, please get out today and vote @DebbieLesko for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border, Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress!

Americans stand with you and all of Canada, Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. #TorontoStrong

Having great meetings and discussions with my friend, President @EmmanuelMacron of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran, Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly, here at the @WhiteHouse

Heres a great stat - since January 2017, the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work!

Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast

Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL

Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people, including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all, never happened before. Need more Republicans!

Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriffs Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it!

Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said, after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos, you got to ask, what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? Theres no there there. Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!

Funny how all of the Pundits that couldnt come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!

A complete Witch Hunt!

I can die happy now with Trump Job performance, stated Mary Matalin. A great overall President, stunning! Thank you Mary

We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea, maybe things will work out, and maybe they wont - only time will tell....But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago!

Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea, and they have given up nothing. Wow, we havent given up anything &amp; they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for World), site closure, &amp; no more testing!

GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton. @FoxNews   Good luck with that request!

At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.  Wall Street Journal

The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as Mr. Magoo and Rod Rosenstein as Mr. Peepers. This is according to people with whom the president has spoken. There are no such people and dont know these characters...just more Fake &amp; Disgusting News to create ill will!

James Comeys Memos are Classified, I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore, he broke the law! Additionally, he totally made up many of the things he said I said, and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton, Lynch &amp; others?

Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great, his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years, most thought it would be done, but yes, I am considering a Full Pardon!

So funny, the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he Rs counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material, including Servers and Emails!

Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!

Today, my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush, there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the @WhiteHouse

Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West, Florida. Thank you!

Join me in Washington, Michigan on Saturday, April 28, 2018 at 7:00pm! #MAGA Tickets:

non-existent sources and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if

it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I dont see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!

The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I dont speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will flip. They use

The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Habberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I dont speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will flip. They use

non-existent sources and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if

it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I dont see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!

A message from Kim Jong Un: North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.
Also will Shut down a nuclear test site in the countrys Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests. Progress being made for all!

James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore, the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really, does everybody know what that means?

Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails

North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit

Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails

Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories), today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers, including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!

Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at sea, Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!

Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Heres a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!

So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis, Maryland. Looking forward to being there

So General Michael Flynns life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I dont think so!

James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?

James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe under the bus. Inspector Generals Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little (lot) of their own medicine?

Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States, making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement, but things such as this make safety in America difficult!

My thoughts, prayers and condolences are with the families, friends and colleagues of the two @GCSOFlorida deputies (HEROES) who lost their lives in the line of duty today

Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!

Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors, Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country!

Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government, hence, the American People. They are slow walking all of my nominations - hundreds of people. At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals!

@MarshaBlackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military, Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!

THANK YOU #JIATFSouth, @Norad_Northcom, @southcomwatch and @DHSgov. Keep up the GREAT work!

Just arrived @NASKeyWest! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South, NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM

Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy up to 400 National Guard Troops to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough, and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Browns charade. We need border security and action, not words!

Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against Californias illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. Californias dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities, putting all Americans at risk

Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea, Military and Trade. Good things will happen!

It was my great honor to host my friend @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished, thank you! #Success

Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon!

Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club

Best wishes to Prime Minister @Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!

Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where, by the way, there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)!

Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World, but also for North Korea!

A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job, playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know it)!

There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous, crime infested &amp; breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border, but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security &amp; Safety NOW!

While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I dont like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesnt work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient, profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S

Pastor Andrew Brunson, a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States, is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy, but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!

It is my great honor to host @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo!

@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush:

@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush:

States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!

Todays Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens, including aggravated felons. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by

Congress  House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe!

Welcome Prime Minister Abe!

Rasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC News/Washington Post, and they havent changed (get new pollsters). Much of the media is a Scam!

Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a truly fine gentleman!

Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started!

So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking, really nice to see!

I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security

Employment is up, Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy!

Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!

Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G), then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled, he, McCabe, and the others, committed many crimes!

Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News, its hard to believe! Thank you America, we are doing Great Things

Slippery James Comey, a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!), will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history, by far!

Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices, and even homes, are going to be raided with everything, including their phones and computers, taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!

I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His memos are self serving and FAKE!

The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term Mission Accomplished. I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term, it should be brought back. Use often!

Comey throws AG Lynch under the bus! Why cant we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat, or AG, in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk (give us all a break)!

The big questions in Comeys badly reviewed book arent answered like, how come he gave up Classified Information (jail), why did he lie to Congress (jail), why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI (why didnt they TAKE it), why the phony memos, McCabes $700,000 &amp; more?

Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words, he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win, and he wanted a job. Slimeball!

So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the finest that our Country has ever had. There wont be anything, or anyone, even close!

A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!

DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion, all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!

We are bringing back our factories, we are bringing back our jobs, and we are bringing back those four beautiful words: MADE IN THE USA!

untruthful slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case, and the events surrounding it, will go down as one of the worst botch jobs of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!

James Comey is a proven LEAKER &amp; LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was, in fact, fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information, for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and

Tremendous pressure is building, like never before, for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego, where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected!

Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP, and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations, Japan, who has hit us hard on trade for years!

Americas greatest treasure is our people  and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity, purpose and pride. AMERICAN SPIRIT is back! #TaxCuts

Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU: the hardworking Americans who make this nation run. You love your country, you provide for your family, you have PRIDE in your work and you cherish our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG! #TaxCuts

Just had an Agricultural Roundtable with memembers of Congress and Governors.

I will be making remarks on the large scale TAX CUTS given to American families and workers at 1:45 P.M. from the Rose Garden. Join me live:

I have agreed with the historically cooperative, disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (Unlike the Clintons!). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb, my Special Counsel, and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process

On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year, our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge #NeverAgain. #HolocaustRemembranceDay

Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!

Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event, the United States, under my Administration, has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our Thank you America?

California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry, good move for the safety of our Country!

If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December, as reported by the Failing New York Times, I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper!

Big show tonight on @seanhannity! 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews

Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the @WhiteHouse this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform

The @WhiteHouse is partnering with @Interior and @NatlParkService to bring the @NSCsafetys Prescribed to Death Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow, April 12th to April 18th. More information:

Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!

Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake &amp; Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA &amp; Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy!

Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy, something that would be very easy to do, and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?

Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia,  because they will be coming, nice and new and smart! You shouldnt be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!

doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back), so now they do the Unthinkable, and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!

So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China, the coming North Korea meeting and, of course, the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton &amp; Larry K on board. I (we) are

The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian businessman, who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype), hosted by Doug, in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia  C story!

Today, it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion, Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House. Congratulations! #RollTide

Very thankful for President Xi of Chinas kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!

Very thankful for President Xi of Chinas kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!

Last night, it was my great honor to host Americas senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House. Americas military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world. They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform!

A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!

Attorneyclient privilege is dead!

Great @Cabinet meeting at the @WhiteHouse this morning!

The Democrats are not doing whats right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law!

When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%. Does that sound like free or fair trade.  No, it sounds like STUPID TRADE -  going on for years!

Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago, people saw his great talent, and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!

If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand, the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!

to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!

Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army, making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin, Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price

President Xi and I will always be friends, no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal &amp; a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries!

The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names), many of which dont exist. Story on John Kelly isnt true, just another hit job!

The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names), many of which dont exist. Story on John Kelly isnt true...just another hit job!

The FBI closed the case on Hillary, which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her, they never even put her under oath..... and much more. So true Jesse! @WattersWorld

While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor, Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air &amp; Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate, travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job!

Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU!

What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why arent they giving the strongly requested documents (unredacted) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling, but for what reason? Not looking good!

Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse, FBI, Comey, Lynch, McCabe, Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!

We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!

The United States hasnt had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade, take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U.S. is losing $500 Billion a year, and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue!

Just spoke to @JustinTrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all!

Congratulations to @bernieandsid on their new @77wabcradio morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to join you two  good luck!

BET founder: Trumps economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force

AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!

Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt, who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!

China, which is a great economic power, is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages, especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S

Despite the Aluminum Tariffs, Aluminum prices are DOWN 4%. People are surprised, Im not! Lots of money coming into U.S. coffers and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!

Thank you @WVGovernor Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! #MAGA

Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS, America is open for business, and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages, salaries and bonuses!

The Fake News Washington Post, Amazons chief lobbyist, has another (of many) phony headlines, Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties. WRONG! Should read, Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties, Will End Barriers And Massive  I.P. Theft. Typically bad reporting!

The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions, Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!

Still Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent

Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. Kings legacy of justice and peace, and his impact on uniting Americans. #MLK50 Proclamation:

Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterdays Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families, and our great @USMC

When youre already $500 Billion DOWN, you cant lose!

We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year, with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!

Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp; Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today

Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTubes HQ in San Bruno, California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene

WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!

Today, it was my honor to welcome Estonia President @KerstiKaljulaid, Lithuania President @Grybauskaite_LT, and Latvia President @Vejonis to the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence! #BalticSummit:

I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders dont have a clue (or do they?)!

Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50%, which is higher than Cheatin Obama at the same time in his Administration

Check out the fact that you cant get a job at ratings challenged @CNN unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker, whose job is in jeopardy, is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting!

The big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our Weak Laws Border, had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play, as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!

The Fake News Networks, those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA, are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast. The Fakers at CNN, NBC, ABC &amp; CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction!

#AutismAwarenessDay #LightItUpBlue

President Trumps approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday, which puts him higher than former President Barack Obamas score at the same point into his first term, according to a new poll. Via: @Anna_Giaritelli @DCExaminer

39% of my nominations, including Diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate, it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful!

Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders, drugs and crime!

As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico &amp; Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS

President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2, 2018, World Autism Awareness Day

An honor to host the Annual @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll!

So sad that the Department of Justice and the FBI are slow walking, or even not giving, the unredacted documents requested by Congress. An embarrassment to our country!

Only fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE, and this will be changed. Also, our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country...not a level playing field!

So funny to watch Fake News Networks, among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with, criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC, which is a total joke

Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S., hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours, at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!

DACA is dead because the Democrats didnt care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders, hence drugs and crime!

Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT, but the weak Dem laws dont allow them to do their job. Act now Congress, our country is being stolen!

Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large Caravans of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border, which they can do because their border laws work, not allow them to pass through into our country, which has no effective border laws

These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act!

Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border, and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows, or I will stop their cash cow, NAFTA. NEED WALL!

Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch &amp; Release. Getting more dangerous. Caravans coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL!

HAPPY EASTER!

Governor Jerry Moonbeam Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery (2) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize (3) Dealing drugs. Is this really what the great people of California want? @FoxNews

does not include the Fake Washington Post, which is used as a lobbyist and should so  REGISTER. If the P.O. increased its parcel rates, Amazons shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion. This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now!

While we are on the subject, it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $1.50 on average for each package it delivers for Amazon. That amounts to Billions of Dollars. The Failing N.Y. Times reports that the size of the companys lobbying staff has ballooned, and that

Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. No more! Its time to REBUILD, and we will do it with American WORKERS, American GRIT, and American PRIDE!

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low. Together, we are making the economy great again!

We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure, and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site, where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined!

I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others, they pay little or no taxes to state &amp; local governments, use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.), and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!

In the interim, Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkins service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!

I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson, MD, as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs

Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL!

release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders

My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against Californias illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. Californias Sanctuary laws

@USTradeRep just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Lets now focus on our important security relationship

Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!

For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!

THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens, NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!

I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the Presidents Park in April. I encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic. We will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis!

Trade talks going on with numerous countries that, for many years, have not treated the United States fairly. In the end, all will be happy!

Great news! #MAGA

So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all, our country is doing great!

The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better

@HowieCarrShow just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond. He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. The book is called, What Really Happened. Enjoy! #MAGA

President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25, 2018, as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy

Happy National #MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES. We love you!

lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more), which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides, there was NO COLLUSION with Russia, except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!

Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...dont believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame &amp; fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer, though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new

Much can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Work will start immediately. The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA, the Democrats abandoned you (but we will not)!

Because of the $700 &amp; $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military, many jobs are created and our Military is again rich. Building a great Border Wall, with drugs (poison) and enemy combatants pouring into our Country, is all about National Defense. Build WALL through M!

France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed, especially at borders!

Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday, and we grieve the nations loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you @EmmanuelMacron!

As a matter of National Security Ive signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign another bill like this again. To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again, Im calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills!

Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised, today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period. We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns

News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill.  1:00 P.M

I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800,000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats (not even mentioned in Bill) and the BORDER WALL, which is desperately needed for our National Defense, is not fully funded

DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall

House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign &amp; Russia. (2)  The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. (3) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts

I am pleased to announce that, effective 4/9/18, @AmbJohnBolton will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very thankful for the service of General H.R. McMaster who has done an outstanding job &amp; will always remain my friend. There will be an official contact handover on 4/9

My honor Charlie - thank you! #MAGA

As a candidate, I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade, protect American workers, and defend our national security.  Today, we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment

Remember when they were saying, during the campaign, that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds, but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillarys large and highly sophisticated staff. Well, not saying that anymore!

Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesnt know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Dont threaten people Joe!

Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy, but they just didnt care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall

Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border, rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly, got $700 Billion to rebuild our Military, $716 Billion next year...most ever. Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment

They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along, but didnt have the smarts. Obama and Clinton tried, but didnt have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!

I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing

Special Council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because

there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime, collusion or otherwise, or obstruction of justice!  So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz

Special Council is told to find crimes, wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council, I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because

Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with @LouDobbs. Should have sought review

AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!

Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them, and we are DELIVERING for them! #NationalAgricultureDay

The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!

A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!

@seanhannity on @foxandfriends now! Great! 8:18 A.M

Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION!

Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I dont believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?

Wow, watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...? He said strongly never, no. He lied as shown clearly on @foxandfriends

The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!

The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wifes campaign by Crooked H friend, Terry M, who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all, and much more!

As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out, however, there was tremendous leaking, lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI, Justice &amp; State. #DrainTheSwamp

Happy #StPatricksDay

Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!

U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High

It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada, and its unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Congress and Dean Heller, who is doing a really good job, could run for Senate unopposed!

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday. Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten

President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the ShamrockBowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House

Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives. Thank you for your courage. Praying this evening for all who are affected

It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the @WhiteHouse!

We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada, a very good guy, doesnt like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S.(negotiating), but they do...they almost all do...and thats how I know!

Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic &amp; Financial Success, with low taxes, unparalleled innovation, fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! #MAGA

Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators, their families and our incredible @USNavy

It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening!

Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of Americas children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland cant happen ever again!

Thank you for hosting! #MAGA

We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!

Five of our incredible @Cabinet Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nations crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST &amp; we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you @SenateCommerce for hosting this hearing! #InfrastructureInAmerica

Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today!

Hundreds of good people, including very important Ambassadors and Judges, are being blocked and/or slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U.S. history!

All across this nation, we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America!

It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People: We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back!

It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Core Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People: We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back!

If we dont have a wall system, were not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL &amp; prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country &amp; the people of our country. We must enforce our laws &amp; protect our people! #BuildTheWall

Californias sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous &amp; violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies, set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP!

According to the Center for Immigration Studies, the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime, drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole

Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California!

Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA, and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all!

The Economy is raging, at an all time high, and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!

THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION

It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston @Astros to the @WhiteHouse! #HoustonStrong

The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems....Will raise taxes, weak on Crime and Border

If schools are mandated to be gun free zones, violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!

On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this, but not much political support (to put it mildly)

Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry, subject to State Law. Armed guards OK, deterrent!

Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers

Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50%, which is higher than Obama, and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are somewhat low. They know they are lying when they say it. Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS!

The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government...A record in U.S. history. State Department, Ambassadors and many others are being slow walked. Senate must approve NOW!

The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races, a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention. I backed and campaigned for all of the winners. They give me credit for one. Hopefully, Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday

have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC, the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story, Maggie Haberman, a Hillary flunky, knows nothing about me and is not given access

The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers, John Dowd, Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and

Epic crowd in Moon Township, Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick @Saccone4PA18. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Join me LIVE in Moon Township, Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE. Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!

The European Union, wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade, are complaining about the tariffs on Steel &amp; Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers &amp; tariffs on U.S. products going in, we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not, we Tax Cars etc. FAIR!

In the first hours after hearing that North Koreas leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end, the press was startled &amp; amazed.They couldnt believe it. But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what, who cares!

North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28, 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings. I believe they will honor that commitment!

Heading to Moon Township, Pennsylvania, to be with a really good person, State Representative Rick Saccone, who is running for Congress. Big &amp; happy crowd (why not, some of the best economic numbers ever). Rick will help me a lot. Also, tough on crime &amp; border. Loves 2nd A &amp; VETS

Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U.S. Currently have a massive $100 Billion Trade Deficit. Not fair or sustainable. It will all work out!

Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!

Congratulations to Kristian Saucier, a man who has served proudly in the Navy, on your newly found Freedom. Now you can go out and have the life you deserve!

Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!

We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans

The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the World. Time and place to be determined

Spoke to PM @TurnbullMalcolm of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. Working very quickly on a security agreement so we dont have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally, the great nation of Australia!

Thats right @RepBost! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. Its about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST!

Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick @Saccone4PA18. Big crowd expected in Moon Township. Vote Rick and see you there! #MAGA

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA

Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives, not just a freeze. Also, no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time. Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. Meeting being planned!

Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States 
 
Proclamation: 
Remarks:

Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States
 
Proclamation: 
Remarks:

Great meeting with @Cabinet at the @WhiteHouse today! #MAGA

Happy #InternationalWomensDay

First Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award

Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect &amp; build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends  and treat us fairly on both trade and the military

The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!

China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one, and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!

From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies &amp; Leadership. Must WIN again!  #MAGA

@MarkBurnettTV @RealRomaDowney From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad policies &amp; leadership. Must win again!  #MAGA

Great couple, great book!

Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!

Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years, a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned. The World is watching and waiting! May be false hope, but the U.S. is ready to go hard in either direction!

Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that President Trump has the right to end DACA. President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem, and didnt. I am waiting for the Dems, they are running for the hills!

Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is, we dont have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding, of course)!

We will see what happens!

We are getting it done - jobs and security!

Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made!

The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come &amp; go, and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change (always seeking perfection). There is no Chaos, only great Energy!

Its March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months, they just dont care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal!

Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus, Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling

To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST

treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying

We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies &amp; jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new &amp; fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also, Canada must

We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry, its time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something, and especially since this is for the American People!

If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there, we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S. They make it impossible for our cars (and more) to sell there. Big trade imbalance!

The United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our very stupid trade deals and policies. Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. They laugh at what fools our leaders have been. No more!

Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. Theyve gone CRAZY!

Happy National Anthem Day!

Heading to Billy Graham Funeral. A Special Man!

REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM!

When a country Taxes our products coming in at, say, 50%, and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO, not fair or smart. We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us. $800 Billion Trade Deficit-have no choice!

We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DONT HAVE STEEL, YOU DONT HAVE A COUNTRY!

Eric, we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V

Alec Baldwin, whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing me was agony. Alec, it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond, funnier and a far greater talent!

When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with, trade wars are good, and easy to win. Example, when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute, dont trade anymore-we win big. Its easy!

Alex Baldwin, whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing DJT was agony for him. Alex, it was also agony for those who were forced to watch. You were terrible. Bring back Darrell Hammond, much funnier and a far greater talent!

Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA!

Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!

Jobless claims at a 49 year low!

Together, we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction, with unity, and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need. Working together, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic.
Full Opioid Summit:

Consumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000

Manufacturing in U.S. Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004

Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. Great news for workers and JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA

Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. We must not let our country, companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. We want free, fair and SMART TRADE!

Many ideas, some good &amp; some not so good, emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House. Background Checks a big part of conversation. Gun free zones are proven targets of killers. After many years, a Bill should emerge. Respect 2nd Amendment!

It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland, we are determined to turn our grief into action. Full meeting:

Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. 

We say a prayer for our country: that all across this land, the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God

Starting at a small Bible School in Florida, Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los Angeles, to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium, to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957

Today, in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham  an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of Gods grace

Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever, has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isnt the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL!

45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard

I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!

The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done, faster than even Ronald Reagan. Were blown away, said Thomas Binion of Heritage, President Trump is very active, very conservative and very effective. Huge volume &amp; spectrum of issues

Big legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border. Now this important project can go forward!

Such a beautiful map, thank you!

@SenatorWicker of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved. Also big help on cutting regs. I am with him in his re-election all the way!

Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasnt the politically correct thing to do, and I back him now. Also, AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning, he is Trumps Man in Texas. Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar, and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick

American consumers are the most confident theyve been since 2000....A strong job market is boosting confidence. The unemployment rate has stayed at a 17-year low

I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott, Senator Ted Cruz, Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, and Attorney General Ken Paxton. They are helping me to Make America Great Again! Vote early or on March 6th

WITCH HUNT!

Weve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing, the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath, that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because hes exercising his power as the President of the U.S. I just dont see it.  Judge Ken Starr

Ive been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just dont see the evidence....in terms of the collusion, its all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.  Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews

Hes got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clintons criminality at her own hands, or through others, that ought to be investigated. I fully agree with the President on that. @judgenapolitano on @marthamaccallum Show

I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!

Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts @FoxNews  So, what else is new. He is a total phony!

Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump @FoxNews  Of course not, because there is none, and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia!

Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!

The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL!

BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93% APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!). 50% say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME (funny!). 79% say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump (starting to happen)

Dems are no longer talking DACA! Out of sight, out of mind, they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesnt care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal!

Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations!

Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. @FoxNews. This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP!

Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept &amp; have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big &amp; very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States

So true Wayne, and Lowest black unemployment in history!

Thank you to the great men and women of the United States @SecretService for a job well done!

Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister @TurnbullMalcolm and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the @WhiteHouse!

Press Conference:

Our nations motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. This week, our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean. We will never forget the historic crowds, the voice, the energy, and the profound faith of Billy Graham! #CPAC2018

We salute our great American flag, we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance, and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem. #CPAC2018

After years of rebuilding OTHER nations, we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride! #CPAC2018

For those of you who are still interested, the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!

My daughter, Ivanka, just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better, or smarter, person representing our country

CPAC Today!

MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands, but these killers come back in from El Salvador, and through Mexico, like water. El Salvador just takes our money, and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!

School shooting survivor says he quit @CNN Town Hall after refusing scripted question. @TuckerCarlson. Just like so much of CNN, Fake News. Thats why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse

Today, it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the @WhiteHouse with State and local leaders, law enforcement officers, and education officials.

There is nothing more important than protecting our children. They deserve to be safe, and we will deliver!

On behalf of an entire Nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Womens Hockey Team on winning the GOLD! #GoTeamUSA #Olympics

Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety.  Next week it will be with our Nations Governors. Its been many years of all talk, no action. Well get it done!

What many people dont understand, or dont want to understand, is that Wayne, Chris and the folks who work so hard at the @NRA are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing.                  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!

If a potential sicko shooter knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and others) who will be instantly shooting, the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards wont go there...problem solved. Must be offensive, defense alone wont work!

History shows that a school shooting lasts, on average, 3 minutes. It takes police &amp; first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained, gun adept, teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly, before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!

immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A gun free school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!

I never said give teachers guns like was stated on Fake News @CNN &amp; @NBC. What I said was to look at the possibility of giving concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers, a lot, would now be able to

I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students, teachers and families. So much love in the midst of so much pain. We must not let them down. We must keep our children safe!!

Full Listening Session:

@FLOTUS Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry

Yesterday, it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders, and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers, the Medal of Valor. #AmericanHeroes

Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why arent they the subject of the investigation? Why didnt Obama do something about the meddling? Why arent Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!

The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man

Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why arent they the subject of the investigation? Why didnt Obama do something about the meddling? Why arent Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!

@CNN @MSNBC Whether we are Republican or Democrat, we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!

So true, thank you!

Bad ratings @CNN &amp; @MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but, because it was a rally against me, they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters, but the public is wise!

Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic, they are ready to grow their businesses

cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesnt @washingtonpost report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? One had her home mortgage paid off. Only @FoxNews so reported...doesnt fit the Mainstream Media narrative

A woman I dont know and, to the best of my knowledge, never met, is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security

I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!

Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new pushed Congressional Map, all the way to the Supreme Court, if necessary. Your Original was correct! Dont let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes &amp; waste money!

Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. Youve come a long way Matt!

Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll, perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away. Actually, they want to raise you taxes, substantially. Also, they want to do nothing on DACA, Rs want to fix!

The President Obama quote just before election. Thats because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didnt want to rock the boat. When I easily won the Electoral College, the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems

There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig Americas elections, theres no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time, and so Id invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes

Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia, including Crimea, Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!

The Faith of Donald Trump, a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb, is a very interesting read. Enjoy!

The U.S. economy is looking very good, in my opinion, even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country, reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great, and Regulations &amp; Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS

@MittRomney has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to @OrrinHatch, and has my full support and endorsement!

Obama was President up to, and beyond, the 2016 Election. So why didnt he do something about Russian meddling?

Have a great, but very reflective, Presidents Day!

Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey, who at one point I knew very well, interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted, the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!

My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today, The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family are special people. Enjoy the race!

Thank you to KenStarr, former Independent Counsel, Whitewater, for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse, Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with @MariaBartiromo

Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks. I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans, the Cuts the Dems want to take away. We need more Republicans!

The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN

If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord, disruption and chaos within the U.S. then, with all of the Committee Hearings, Investigations and Party hatred, they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart America!

Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election, he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats, lead by their fearless leader, Crooked Hillary Clinton, lost the 2016 election. But wasnt I a great candidate?

I never said Russia did not meddle in the election, I said it may be Russia, or China or another country or group, or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer. The Russian hoax was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did!

Finally, Liddle Adam Schiff, the leakin monster of no control, is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President, knew of the threat, and did nothing. Thank you Adam!

Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress, the FBI or Justice called for an investigation!

General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H, the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier, Uranium, Speeches, Emails and the Podesta Company!

Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!

Just like they dont want to solve the DACA problem, why didnt the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House &amp; Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didnt want to, and now they just talk!

I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal.
Rob Goldman
Vice President of Facebook Ads

The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads, Rob Goldman!

Funny how the Fake News Media doesnt want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didnt know!

Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election

Charges Deal Don A Big Win, written by Michael Goodwin of the @nypost, succinctly states that the Russians had no impact on the election results. There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. She lost the old-fashioned way, by being a terrible candidate. Case closed

Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County, Florida. Will never forget them, or the evening!

Our entire Nation, w/one heavy heart, continues to pray for the victims &amp; their families in Parkland, FL. To teachers, law enforcement, first responders &amp; medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: We THANK YOU for your courage!

Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014, long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion!

Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard

I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts

Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland, Florida:

lottery, continues deadly catch-and-release, and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants. Voting for this amendment would be a vote AGAINST law enforcement, and a vote FOR open borders. If Dems are actually serious about DACA, they should support the Grassley bill!

The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. @DHSgov says it would be the end of immigration enforcement in America. It creates a giant amnesty (including for dangerous criminals), doesnt build the wall, expands chain migration, keeps the visa

In times of tragedy, the bonds that sustain us are those of family, faith, community, and country. These bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil - and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need

While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA, they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready, willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA!

So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed, even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities, again and again!

Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting

My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school

Today, I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate, as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore Americas depleted infrastructure

As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation, our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all. Proclamation:

Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldnt it be great if we could finally, after so many years, solve the DACA puzzle. This will be our last chance, there will never be another opportunity! March 5th

Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except, of course, the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military, now we have to fix our roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and more. Bipartisan, make deal Dems?

The journey to #MAGA began @CPAC 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year. See you at #CPAC2018!

Thank you to Sue Kruczek, who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge, for your kind words while on @foxandfriends. We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!

This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is now time to start investing in OUR Country!

Just spoke to @JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from @WestervillePD. This is a true tragedy!

Rep. Lou Barletta, a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters, will make a FANTASTIC Senator. He is strong &amp; smart, loves Pennsylvania &amp; loves our Country! Voted for Tax Cuts, unlike Bob Casey, who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer!

4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut &amp; Jobs Bill....and it will only get better! We are far ahead of schedule

So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesnt want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media, whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history!    #MAGA

My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border, ending chain migration, and canceling the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans

My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers, their families, and everybody at the @WestervillePD

Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011, and they decided not to do anything about DACA. They only want to use it as a campaign issue. Vote Republican!

agencies, not just the FBI &amp; DOJ, now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump, which I dont believe were accurate...he leaked information (corrupt). Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on @FoxNews

My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier, it shows that hes been victimized. Hes been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of

Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are old and some are new. There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process?

According to the @nytimes, a Russian sold phony secrets on Trump to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million, brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing &amp; understanding what is going on here. It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP!

The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew, because of sources and methods (and more), would have to be heavily redacted, whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form!

Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!

Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military, but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately, DACA not included in this Bill, negotiations to start now!

Without more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally, after many years of depletion, take care of our Military. Sadly, we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election!

Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them everything  and more. First time this has happened in a long time. Also means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a paper trail on a private meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary

Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans

As long as we open our eyes to Gods grace - and open our hearts to Gods love - then America will forever be the land of the free, the home of the brave, and a light unto all nations. #NationalPrayerBreakfast

I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea, China and the Middle East

Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares IN GOD WE TRUST. And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and proclaim that we are One Nation Under God. #NationalPrayerBreakfast

Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and political leaders, and many friends, including T.V. producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph, will be there. Looking forward to seeing all!

The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great. Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill!

Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration!

Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the @Olympics! What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly GREAT NATION!

NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!

In the old days, when good news was reported, the Stock Market would go up. Today, when good news is reported, the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake, and we have so much good (great) news about the economy!

Congratulations @ElonMusk and @SpaceX on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement, along with @NASAs commercial and international partners, continues to show American ingenuity at its best!

HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America, Ronald Reagan!

Today, we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of MS-13, and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it. Watch here:

We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system.  Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security

Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA, fully secures the border, ends chain migration &amp; cancels the visa lottery. If Ds oppose this deal, they arent serious about DACA-they just want open borders

My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson, a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. @Colts

So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border, and with illegal immigration, FAST!

Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law, your paychecks are going way UP, your taxes are going way DOWN, and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS!

Representative Devin Nunes, a man of tremendous courage and grit, may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!

Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time. March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA. Make a deal!

Little Adam Schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington, right up there with Comey, Warner, Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped!

Thank you to @foxandfriends for exposing the truth. Perhaps thats why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!

The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks!

Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!

My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work theyve done!

a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law....The FBI wasnt straight with Congress, as it hid most of these facts from investigators. Wall Street Journal

The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath....The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier....the FBI became

Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russia, Russia, despite the fact that, after a year of looking, there is No Collusion!

This memo totally vindicates Trump in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!

Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Election, and higher than certain sacred cows. Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!

Today, it was my honor to join the great men and women of @DHSgov, @CustomsBorder, @ICEgov and @USCIS at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center in Sterling, Virginia. Fact sheet:

Trump the orator outlines the greatness of America to Democrats disgust

With 3.5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS, 2018 is off to great start!
Unemployment rate at 4.1%.
Average earnings up 2.9% in the last year.
200,000 new American jobs.
#MAGA

You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team. Tom Fitton, JW

The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank &amp; File are great people!

The Democrats just arent calling about DACA. Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast, or theyll disappoint you again. We have a great chance to make a deal or, blame the Dems! March 5th is coming up fast

Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched, the highest number in history. @FoxNews beat every other Network, for the first time ever, with 11.7 million people tuning in. Delivered from the heart!

March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist, Blame, Complain and Obstruct - and do nothing. Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix, NOW!

Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party. Will be planning Infrastructure and discussing Immigration and DACA, not easy when we have no support from the Democrats. NOT ONE DEM VOTED FOR OUR TAX CUT BILL! Need more Republicans in 18

Join me live for the #SOTU

Congratulations to Americas new Secretary of @HHSGov, Alex Azar!

Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler, as an example, is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track!

Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!

Democrats are not interested in Border Safety &amp; Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are only interested in Obstruction!

I have offered DACA a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients &amp; a twelve year pathway to citizenship, for two reasons: (1) Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem. (2) To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA, only use it!

Taliban targeted innocent Afghans, brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims, and first responders. We will not allow the Taliban to win!

On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men, women and children, and the millions of others who perished in the evil Nazi Genocide. We pledge with all of our might and resolve: Never Again!

Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on @foxandfriends that we very badly NEED THE WALL. Must also end loophole of catch &amp; release and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety &amp; Security reasons

Thank you for the wonderful welcome @WEF! #Davos2018

DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!

Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos, Switzerland. Speech on Americas economic revival was well received. Many of the people I met will be investing in the U.S.A.! #MAGA

Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18

Great bilateral meeting with President @Alain_Berset of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship. Such an honor to be in Switzerland! #WEF18

It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos, Switzerland. Many great discussions! #WEF18

Will be interviewed on  @SquawkCNBC by @JoeSquawk coming up at 6:00amE from Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy! #WEF18

Today, Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of @NASA who lost their lives in our Nations eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential

Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin @Netanyahu of Israel - in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18

Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom, affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities. #WEF18

Will soon be heading to Davos, Switzerland, to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing, will only get better...Our country is finally WINNING again!

It was my great honor to welcome Mayors from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best. Together, we will usher in a bold new era of Peace and Prosperity!

Earlier today, I spoke with @GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterdays shooting at Marshall County High School. My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt, Preston Cope, their families, and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. We are with you!

Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney, J.P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!

Cryin Chuck Schumer fully understands, especially after his humiliating defeat, that if there is no Wall, there is no DACA. We must have safety and security, together with a strong Military, for our great people!

Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?  Blaming Samsung!

Thank you to General John Kelly, who is doing a fantastic job, and all of the Staff and others in the White House, for a job well done. Long hours and Fake reporting makes your job more difficult, but it is always great to WIN, and few have won more than us!

Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans &amp; Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8, but everyone will be trying....with a big additional focus put on Military Strength and Border Security. The Dems have just learned that a Shutdown is not the answer!

In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Page texts, perhaps 50,000, and all in prime time. Wow!

In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI says it is now missing five months worth of lovers Strzok - Page texts, perhaps 50,000, all in prime time. Wow!

Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again...Schumer and Dems caved...gambled and lost. Thank you for your honesty Jim!

Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone, including Republicans, Democrats and DACA, but especially for our Great Military and Border Security. Should be able to get there. See you at the negotiating table!

End the Democrats Obstruction!

Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They dont want to do it but are powerless!

The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good!

Thank you to Brad Blakeman on @FoxNews for grading year one of my presidency with an A-and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements. Working hard!

Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked. If stalemate continues, Republicans should go to 51% (Nuclear Option) and vote on real, long term budget, no C.R.s!

Eric Trump on @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews now!

The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation, in just twelve months, than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office, no matter what the length. The good news is, THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME!

Unprecedented success for our Country, in so many ways, since the Election. Record Stock Market, Strong on Military, Crime, Borders, &amp; ISIS, Judicial Strength &amp; Numbers, Lowest Unemployment for Women &amp; ALL, Massive Tax Cuts, end of Individual Mandate - and so much more. Big 2018!

Beautiful weather all over our great country, a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months. Lowest female unemployment in 18 years!

Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Cant let that happen!

#AMERICA FIRST!

For those asking, the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate, and they need 60. That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election! We can then be even tougher on  Crime (and Border), and even better to our Military &amp; Veterans!

This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #DemocratShutdown

Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border. They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead. #WeNeedMoreRepublicansIn18 in order to power through mess!

Not looking good for our great Military or Safety &amp; Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts, and what they are doing for our booming economy

Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with @SenSchumer - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with @SenateMajLdr McConnell and @SpeakerRyan. Making progress - four week extension would be best!

Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election. I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first!

Today, I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual @March_for_Life! You are living witnesses of this years March for Life theme: #LoveSavesLives

Shutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die, accidents happen. I dont know how I would vote right now on a CR, OK?
Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif)

@WhiteHouse Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney

Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders. Shutdown coming? We need more Republican victories in 2018!

House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it!

AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big, dreams bigger, and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the ones who will shape Americas destiny. YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity. And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA

Departing Pittsburgh now, where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers, and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before!

A government shutdown will be devastating to our military...something the Dems care very little about!

CHIP should be part of a long term solution, not a 30 Day, or short term, extension!

We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico, now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. If there is no Wall, there is no Deal!

Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE, running for Congress in a Special Election (March 13). Rick is a great guy. We need more Republicans to continue our already successful agenda!

The Wall will be paid for, directly or indirectly, or through longer term reimbursement, by Mexico, which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the U.S. The $20 billion dollar Wall is peanuts compared to what Mexico makes from the U.S. NAFTA is a bad joke!

The Wall is the Wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. Parts will be, of necessity, see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains, wastelands or tough rivers or water

ISIS is in retreat, our economy is booming, investments and jobs are pouring back into the country, and so much more! Together there is nothing we cant overcome--even a very biased media. We ARE Making America Great Again!

Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage, there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of!

And the FAKE NEWS winners are

Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS

During the campaign, I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers!

I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States. Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS. Huge win for American workers and the USA!

Today, we witnessed an incredible moment in history  the presentation of Congress highest civilian honor to our friend, and true AMERICAN HERO, Bob Dole. #CongressionalGoldMedal

Eric Trump on @foxandfriends  now!

we need to keep America safe, including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system, to one that is merit-based

New report from DOJ &amp; DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born. We have submitted to Congress a list of resources and reforms

Today, it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the @WhiteHouse!

President Donald J. Trump Proclaims January 16, 2018, as Religious Freedom Day

Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled. Thank you, and it will get even (much) better! @FoxNews

90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative -and much of it contrived!@foxandfriends

Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead, except as it pertains to the Dems. Public gets it!

The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military, at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration, and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery

We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER, and we must have a great WALL to help protect us, and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country!

Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals cant get made when there is no trust! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military

to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do. My standard is very simple, AMERICA FIRST &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Statement by me last night in Florida: Honestly, I dont think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA, but they dont want to help..We are ready, willing and able to make a deal but they dont want to. They dont want security at the border, they dont want

big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible (among many other things). President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama, and reversed our economic decline. Thank you Stuart Varney.  @foxandfriends

President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that weve seen in modern times. 18,000 to 26,000 from Election, and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump, not 0

I, as President, want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people coming in through a system based on MERIT. No more Lotteries! #AMERICA FIRST

DACA is probably dead because the Democrats dont really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military

and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS!

The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un (of N. Korea). Obviously I didnt say that. I said Id have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un, a big difference. Fortunately we now record conversations with reporters

So much Fake News is being reported. They dont even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author, who knowingly writes false information. The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election!

I dont believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time but, day by day, they are blowing the one great opportunity they have. Too bad!

Yesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market. Chrysler coming back to U.S. (Michigan) from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees. If Dems won in November, Market would have TANKED! It was headed for disaster

AMERICA FIRST!

The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad!

Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA, from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!

Today, it was my great honor to proclaim January 15, 2018, as Martin Luther King Jr., Federal Holiday. I encourage all Americans to observe this day with appropriate civic, community, and service activities in honor of Dr. Kings life and legacy

Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. Never said take them out. Made up by Dems. I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians. Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately, no trust!

Sadly, Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal, not a fair deal, for DACA. Take care of our Military, and our Country, FIRST!

The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA!

Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety, DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The Dems will threaten shutdown, but what they are really doing is shutting down our military, at a time we need it most. Get smart, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military, not do a Dem defund

The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen was a big step backwards. Wall was not properly funded, Chain &amp; Lottery were made worse and USA would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime

Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for peanuts, only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO!

The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border, risking thousands of lives in the process. It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans. We must build a Great Wall, think Merit and end Lottery &amp; Chain. USA!

Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first!

Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler, a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump/Pence. Plenty of more to follow!

More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 BILLION in Michigan plant, relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan, adding 2,500 new jobs and paying $2,000 bonus to U.S. employees!

Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special!

Thank you Adam Levine, The Federalist, in interview on @foxandfriends  Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen

Yesterday, I signed the #INTERDICTAct (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country. Together, we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States!

Great news, as a result of our TAX CUTS &amp; JOBS ACT!

With that being said, I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and todays vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. We need it! Get smart!

45 year low in illegal immigration this year. @foxandfriends

House votes on controversial FISA ACT today. This is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier, to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others?

In new Quinnipiac Poll, 66% of people feel the economy is Excellent or Good. That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll

Disproven and paid for by Democrats Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election? @foxandfriends  Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails?  What a mess!

Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville, Alabama, plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and SUVs a year and employ 4000 people. Companies are coming back to the U.S. in a very big way. Congratulations Alabama!

Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4,000 JOBS and investing $1.6 BILLION in Alabama, helping to further grow our economy!

The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. The safety and security of our country is #1!

Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the @WhiteHouse - a great friend and ally of the United States! Joint press conference:

I want to thank my @Cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. Together, we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion, &amp; yet on and on it goes. Russia &amp; the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!

The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found, would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way, totally without authorization, is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!

It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts

@ICEgov HSI agents and ERO officers, on behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow Americans SAFE. Everyone is so grateful!
#LawEnforcementAppreciationDay
President @realDonaldTrump

Thank you @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy! Couldnt agree w/you more. TOGETHER, we are #MAGA

As I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval

Today, it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and support they so richly deserve!

Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for todays very productive meeting on immigration reform. There was strong agreement to negotiate a bill that deals with border security, chain migration, lottery and DACA

It was my great honor to sign H.R. 267, the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act, which redesignates the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia as the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park

On behalf of the American people, THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers. As President of the United States - I will fight for you, and I will never, ever let you down. Now, more than ever, we must support the men and women in blue! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay

We are fighting for our farmers, for our country, and for our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG. We want our flag respected - and we want our NATIONAL ANTHEM respected also!

In every decision we make, we are honoring Americas PROUD FARMING LEGACY. Years of crushing taxes, crippling regs, &amp; corrupt politics left our communities hurting, our economy stagnant, &amp; millions of hardworking Americans COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN. But they are not forgotten ANYMORE!

We have been working every day to DELIVER for Americas Farmers just as they work every day to deliver FOR US. #AFBF18

Cant wait to be back in the amazing state of Tennessee to address the 99th American @FarmBureau Federations Annual Convention in Nashville! #AFBF18

On my way now - join me LIVE at 4:00pmE:

African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country. The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a full point in the last year and is close to the lowest in recorded history. Dems did nothing for you but get your vote!  #NeverForget  @foxandfriends

Clinton in the WH, doubling down on Barack Obamas failed policies, washes away any doubts that America made the right choice. This was truly a change election  and the changes Trump is bringing are far-reaching &amp; necessary. Thank you Michael Goodwin!

His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency. So much so that, despite my own frustration over his missteps, there has never been a day when I wished Hillary Clinton were president. Not one. Indeed, as Trumps accomplishments accumulate, the mere thought of

The Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock Prices, but present and future Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Seven TRILLION dollars of value created since our big election win!

The Fake News Awards, those going to the most corrupt &amp; biased of the Mainstream Media, will be presented to the losers on Wednesday, January 17th, rather than this coming Monday. The interest in, and importance of, these awards is far greater than anyone could have anticipated!

Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration. Watch the hatred and unfairness of this CNN flunky!

Ive had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President. Now I have to put up with a Fake Book, written by a totally discredited author. Ronald Reagan had the same problem and handled it well. So will I!

Leaving Camp David for the White House. Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very important subjects including Border Security &amp; the desperately needed Wall, the ever increasing Drug and Opioid Problem, Infrastructure, Military, Budget, Trade and DACA

to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius....and a very stable genius at that!

Actually, throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart. Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and, as everyone knows, went down in flames. I went from VERY successful businessman, to top T.V. Star

Now that Russian collusion, after one year of intense study, has proven to be a total hoax on the American public, the Democrats and their lapdogs, the Fake News Mainstream Media, are taking out the old Ronald Reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence

Brian Ross, the reporter who made a fraudulent live newscast about me that drove the Stock Market down 350 points (billions of dollars), was suspended for a month but is now back at ABC NEWS in a lower capacity. He is no longer allowed to report on Trump. Should have been fired!

The African American unemployment rate fell to 6.8%, the lowest rate in 45 years. I am so happy about this News! And, in the Washington Post (of all places), headline states, Trumps first year jobs numbers were very, very good

Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book. He used Sloppy Steve Bannon, who cried when he got fired and begged for his job. Now Sloppy Steve has been dumped like a dog by almost everyone. Too bad!

Good idea Rand!

The Mercer Family recently dumped the leaker known as Sloppy Steve Bannon. Smart!

Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI/Russia, the Fake News Media (Mainstream) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. They should try winning an election. Sad!

Dow goes from 18,589 on November 9, 2016, to 25,075 today, for a new all-time Record. Jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks, Record fastest 1000 point move in history. This is all about the Make America Great Again agenda! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Six trillion dollars in value created!

The Fake News Media barely mentions the fact that the Stock Market just hit another New Record and that business in the U.S. is booming...but the people know! Can you imagine if O was president and had these numbers - would be biggest story on earth! Dow now over 25,000

I authorized Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spoke to him for book. Full of lies, misrepresentations and sources that dont exist. Look at this guys past and watch what happens to him and Sloppy Steve!

MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform. We must BUILD THE WALL, stop illegal immigration, end chain migration &amp; cancel the visa lottery. The current system is unsafe &amp; unfair to the great people of our country - time for change!

Dow just crashes through 25,000. Congrats! Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing

So beautiful....Show this picture to the NFL players who still kneel!

With all of the failed experts weighing in, does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on between North and South Korea right now if I wasnt firm, strong and willing to commit our total might against the North. Fools, but talks are a good thing!

As Americans, you need identification, sometimes in a very strong and accurate form, for almost everything you do.....except when it comes to the most important thing, VOTING for the people that run your country. Push hard for Voter Identification!

Many mostly Democrat States refused to hand over data from the 2016 Election to the Commission On Voter Fraud. They fought hard that the Commission not see their records or methods because they know that many people are voting illegally. System is rigged, must go to Voter I.D

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Stock Market had another good day but, now that the Tax Cut Bill has passed, we have tremendous upward potential. Dow just short of 25,000, a number that few thought would be possible this soon into my administration. Also, unemployment went down to 4.1%. Only getting better!

Some 40 U.S. companies have responded to President Trumps tax cut and reform victory in Congress last year by handing out bonuses up to $2,000, increases in 401k matches and spending on charity, a much higher number than previously known

Melania and I are deeply saddened by the death of Thomas S. Monson, a beloved President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints

Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government. You will see great support from the United States at the appropriate time!

President Trump has something now he didnt have a year ago, that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny. The accomplishments are there, look at his record, he has had a very significant first year. @LouDobbs Show,David Asman &amp; Ed Rollins

I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST &amp; CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 oclock. Subjects will cover Dishonesty &amp; Bad Reporting in various categories from the Fake News Media. Stay tuned!

North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times. Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger &amp; more powerful one than his, and my Button works!

peace treaty with Israel. We have taken Jerusalem, the toughest part of the negotiation, off the table, but Israel, for that, would have had to pay more. But with the Palestinians no longer willing to talk peace, why should we make any of these massive future payments to them?

Its not only Pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing, but also many other countries, and others. As an example, we pay the Palestinians HUNDRED OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year and get no appreciation or respect. They dont even want to negotiate a long overdue

Congratulations to Senator Orrin Hatch on an absolutely incredible career. He has been a tremendous supporter, and I will never forget the (beyond kind) statements he has made about me as President. He is my friend and he will be greatly missed in the U.S. Senate!

We will not rest until all of Americas GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve. Tremendous progress has been made in a short period of time. Keep up the great work @SecShulkin @DeptVetAffairs!

Democrats are doing nothing for DACA - just interested in politics.  DACA activists and Hispanics will go hard against Dems, will start falling in love with Republicans and their President! We are about RESULTS

impartial journalists of a much higher standard, lose all of your phony and non-existent sources, and treat the President of the United States FAIRLY, so that the next time I (and the people) win, you wont have to write an apology to your readers for a job poorly done! GL

The Failing New York Times has a new publisher, A.G. Sulzberger. Congratulations! Here is a last chance for the Times to fulfill the vision of its Founder, Adolph Ochs, to give the news impartially, without fear or FAVOR, regardless of party, sect, or interests involved. Get

Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation. Good news - it was just reported that there were Zero deaths in 2017, the best and safest year on record!

Sanctions and other pressures are beginning to have a big impact on North Korea. Soldiers are dangerously fleeing to South Korea. Rocket man now wants to talk to South Korea for first time. Perhaps that is good news, perhaps not - we will see!

Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill. Really great!

Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the Border. We will be bringing in more &amp; more of your great folks and will build the desperately needed WALL! @foxandfriends

Crooked Hillary Clintons top aid, Huma Abedin, has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols. She put Classified Passwords into the hands of foreign agents. Remember sailors pictures on submarine? Jail! Deep State Justice Dept must finally act? Also on Comey &amp; others

The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. All of the money that President Obama so foolishly gave them went into terrorism and into their pockets. The people have little food, big inflation and no human rights. The U.S. is watching!

Will be leaving Florida for Washington (D.C.) today at 4:00 P.M. Much work to be done, but it will be a great New Year!

Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration. The great Iranian people have been repressed for many years. They are hungry for food &amp; for freedom. Along with human rights, the wealth of Iran is being looted. TIME FOR CHANGE!

The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, and they have given us nothing but lies &amp; deceit, thinking of our leaders as fools. They give safe haven to the terrorists we hunt in Afghanistan, with little help. No more!

HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and much faster than anyone thought possible!

As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, and even the very dishonest Fake News Media, a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America!

Iran, the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis, has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good!

What a year its been, and were just getting started. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!!

My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @DCSheriff, and their families. We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all! #LESM

Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election. People are much better off now not to mention ISIS, VA, Judges, Strong Border, 2nd A, Tax Cuts &amp; more?

If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected, your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have a great future - and just beginning!

Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations!

Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books

Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut, and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME!

I use Social Media not because I like to, but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair press, now often referred to as Fake News Media. Phony and non-existent sources are being used more often than ever. Many stories &amp; reports a pure fiction!

On Taxes: This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever, going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.This is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy. Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow. Now real economics and jobs. @WSJ Report

Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching!

The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, that Irans people are what their leaders fear the most

Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regimes corruption &amp; its squandering of the nations wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their peoples rights, including right to express themselves. The world is watching! #IranProtests

The Democrats have been told, and fully understand, that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration &amp; ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc. We must protect our Country at all cost!

Why is the United States Post Office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages, making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE!

While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, @foxandfriends just showed that my rating on Dec. 28, 2017, was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28, 2009, which was 47%...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage &amp; Russia hoax!

In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Years Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!

Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Ive been saying it for a long, long time. #NoKo

Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen!

Retail sales are at record numbers. Weve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you havent seen anything yet!

Vanity Fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour, who was all set to be Amb to Court of St Jamess &amp; a big fundraiser for CH, is beside herself in grief &amp; begging for forgiveness!

Arrests of MS-13 Members, Associates Up 83% Under Trump

On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21, the U.S. military est the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles.. @jamiejmcintyre @dcexaminer

Just left West Palm Beach Fire &amp; Rescue #2. Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters, paramedics, first responders - what amazing people they are!

On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21, the U.S. military estimates the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles... via @jamiejmcintyre

All signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS!

WOW, @foxandfrlends  Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED. And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign!

Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill, which essentially Repeals (over time) ObamaCare, the Democrats &amp; Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan!

I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow its back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated)!

MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!

MERRY CHRISTMAS!!

People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!

The Tax Cut/Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate, brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Dont let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong!

The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting, we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@FoxNews-FBIs Andrew McCabe, in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), he was using, allegedly, his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton

Remember, the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate, I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange - and Roy lost. Virginia candidate was not a Trumper, and he lost.  Good Republican candidates will win BIG!

The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration, perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly, will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media!

Wow, FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned, according to @FoxNews

FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!

How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wifes campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?

Remember, the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate, which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill

Today, it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks:

The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace, not Death!

Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!

95% of Americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). The Dems only want to raise your taxes!

Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill

With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Trumans Record), Regulation Cutting, Judicial Appointments, Building Military, VA, TAX CUTS &amp; REFORM, Record Economy/Stock Market and so much more, I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news?

The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year. Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA. Sadly, the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long &amp; beautiful list

At some point, and for the good of the country, I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion. Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start. After having foolishly spent $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is time to start rebuilding our country!

So true!

Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of love - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of, and now it is the rage. Merry Christmas!

THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the @WhiteHouse yesterday. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, Tax Cuts. House Republicans, dont let this happen. Pass the C.R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN!

Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN

Was @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!

The Massive Tax Cuts, which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses, will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making big payments to workers. Dems want to raise taxes, hate these big Cuts!

WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people!
#TaxCutsandJobsAct

Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically &amp; politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT &amp; Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES!

The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends, the defeated Dems, and only demean. This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves, starting very soon. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!

The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (ObamaCare)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M

Congratulations to Paul Ryan, Kevin McCarthy, Kevin Brady, Steve Scalise, Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes!

A  story in the @washingtonpost that I was close to rescinding the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS. I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. The unnamed sources dont exist!

Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy, and create many beautiful JOBS!

DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Together, our task is to strengthen our families, to build up our communities, to serve our citizens, and to celebrate AMERICAN GREATNESS as a shining example to the world

With the strategy that I announced today, we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WIN!

OUR FOUR PILLARS OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY:

70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow!

Thank you Maria B!

So true Ivanka!

As the world watches, we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country!

When the American People speak, ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago, you spoke loud and clear. On November 8, 2016, you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Over the past 11 months, I have travelled tens of thousands of miles, to visit 13 countries. I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled, it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE!

Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities

My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House

The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads, bridges, tunnels, railways (and more) crumble! Not for long!

Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends

Remember, Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie and Moore would lose (for very different reasons), and they did. I also predicted  I would win. Republicans will do well in 2018, very well! @foxandfriends

More than a century after conquering flight, the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate &amp; inspire Americans, who never tire of exploration &amp; innovation. This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation:

Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now

As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. Now, we are just days away

WEEKLY ADDRESS

TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers, leading to higher growth, higher wages, and more JOBS!

Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys, Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, on the success of their just out book, Let Trump Be Trump. Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign!

Great job Kevin, we are all proud of you!

DOW, S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! #MAGA

Today, it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1) at the Marine Corps Air Facility in Quantico, Virginia. 

I am honored to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service. We love you!

You are always there for us  THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.

Thank you to our police, thank you to our sheriffs, and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all, and GOD BLESS AMERICA! #LESM

To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico, CONGRATULATIONS!

It was my honor. THANK YOU!

Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest @ShopFloorNAM Outlook Survey

In 1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185,000 pages, as seen in the Roosevelt Room.

Today, we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

When Americans are free to thrive, innovate, &amp; prosper, there is no challenge too great, no task too large, &amp; no goal beyond our reach. 

We are a nation of explorers, pioneers, innovators &amp; inventors. We are nation of people who work hard, dream big, &amp; who never, ever give up

Today, we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades, an ever-growing maze of regs, rules, and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars, millions of jobs, countless American factories, &amp; devastated entire industries

As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday, working Americans. If you make your voices heard, this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning  the dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM, PROSPERITY AND PRIDE!

Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime, the Stock Market hit another record high!

Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success

If last nights election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate

Wow, more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media, the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke! @foxandfriends

The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election.  I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!

Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!

Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love

Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS (looking good)

The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion, weak on Crime, Military and Illegal Immigration, Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL. Jones is a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet. Roy Moore will always vote with us. VOTE ROY MOORE!

Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office begging for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill &amp; Crooked-USED!

Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I dont know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS!

Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong!  Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the dumbest man on television! Bad Reporting

Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America!

Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important, but SPECIAL!

Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH, unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA. Really good news, and much more to come!

No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans  not for criminal aliens!

Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEFS TROPHY! Congratulations!

Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEFS TROPHY (last time was 1996). Wow! Congratulations!

@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS, he should be fired

@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology &amp; retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo!

Have a great game today, @USArmy and @USNavy - I will be watching. 

We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service! 
#ArmyNavyGame #USA

It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum &amp; the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past &amp; dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom, equality, justice &amp; peace

Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor, @PhilBryantMS. Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum!

CNNS slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN, THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!

Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his mistake). Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence?

A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We cant have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat, Jones, in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country

GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and really smart. They definitely get whats going on. Thank you Pensacola!

We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem, and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD!

This is your land, this is your home, and its your voice that matters the most. So speak up, be heard, and fight, fight, fight for the change youve been waiting for your entire life!

MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola, Florida!

Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on @FoxNews in 10 minutes! #MAGA

On my way to Pensacola, Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA

The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6%, the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7%, the lowest ever recorded...
@SecretaryAcosta @USDOL

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped, as has incorrectly been reported, but will be pursued and, if anything, substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating!

LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The Pelosi/Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100% of the time. Hes bad on Crime, Life, Border, Vets, Guns &amp; Military. VOTE ROY MOORE!

Big crowd expected today in Pensacola, Florida, for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! See you there!

I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didnt!

Tonight, @FLOTUS Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @WhiteHouse  and wish them all a very #HappyHanukkah

Across the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war, one great battle cry could be heard by Americas friends and foes alike:
REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR

Today, as we Remember Pearl Harbor, it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941. They are HEROES, and they are living witnesses to American History. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice

Today, the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the @WhiteHouse, in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day

Today, our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBORand the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America. 

God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform, and God Bless the United States of America. #PearlHarborRemembranceDay

National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - A day that will live in infamy! December 7, 1941

Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good. @foxandfriends

I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem

Join me live from the @WhiteHouse via #Periscope

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of Californias wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Join me this Friday in Pensacola, Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets:

Yesterday, I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends, in Utahs MAGNIFICENT Capitol.

It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante

A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy!

With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!

Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes, tough on crime, strong on military and borders...&amp; so much more. Look at your 401-ks since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back!

Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime, illegal immigration, Border Wall, Military, Pro Life, V.A., Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones, a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet!

Report: ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE  Now it all starts to make sense!

People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of @ABC News (he has been suspended), should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars!

After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness

Tainted (no, very dishonest?) FBI agents role in Clinton probe under review. Led Clinton Email probe. @foxandfriends  Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge

Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco!

I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!

Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and papers should do the same with their Fake News!

Many people in our Country are asking what the Justice Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary, AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress, deleted and acid washed 33,000 Emails? No justice!

So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI holiday interrogation with no swearing in and no recording, lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system, or just a double standard?

Great job First Lady Melania!

62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history

I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!

Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!

We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Chairman @SenOrrinHatch for shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas!

Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:

The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS

The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! Hes not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects, (I call the final shots) we work well together and America is highly respected again!

Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit!

The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections

The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!

A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration

The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of allthe gift of Gods love for all of humanity.

Whatever our beliefs, we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life

Today is a day that Ive been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before. 

Now, as President of the United States, it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world, a very MERRY CHRISTMAS!

Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017!
#DOW24K #MAGA

Today, it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the @WhiteHouse. Bahrain and the United States are important partners.

During the Crown Princes visit, he is advancing $9 BILLION in commercial deals, including finalizing the purchase of F-16s

Thank you @SenOrrinHatch. Lets continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election, the Market would be down 50% from these levels and Consumer Confidence, which is also at an all-time high, would be low and glum!

Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!

The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people, and the military, put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch

The Failing @nytimes has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue!  @foxandfriends

The Failing @nytimes, the pipe organ for the Democrat Party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner!

Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!

Had the information (Crooked Hillarys emails) been released there would have been harm to National Security....
Charles McCullough
Fmr Intel Comm Inspector General

The only people who dont like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that dont understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans!

The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump. Big stuff. Deep State. Give this information NOW! @FoxNews

@Theresa_May, dont focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!

Theresa @theresamay, dont focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!

Now, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY  and RECLAIM AMERICAS DESTINY.

But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future, the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTS  and bring Main Street roaring back to life!

A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS, to protect OUR COMMUNITIES, and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY!

This week, the Senate can join the House &amp; take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together, we will give the American people a big, beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY!

Departing @JBA_NAFW for St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.

A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people!

Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects, CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3.

Stock market at a new high, unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear!

Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!

So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!

So now tha Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!

Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace. But when will the top executives at NBC &amp; Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lacks past!

Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)!

Great, and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time!

@foxandfriends, we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy!

Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!

Great work Ivanka!

Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!

Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. Emails endangered National Security. Why arent our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged &amp; corrupt? @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity

After North Korea missile launch, its more important than ever to fund our govt &amp; military! Dems shouldnt hold troop funding hostage for amnesty &amp; illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They cant now threaten a shutdown to get their demands

The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5, notching its best reading since December 2000

Dow, S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS!

Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, @SpeakerRyan and Secretary of Defense, General James Mattis

Statement from President Donald J. Trump on #GivingTuesday

Meeting with Chuck and Nancy today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I dont see a deal!

Melania, our great and very hard working First Lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that if you run, you will win. She would tell everyone that, no doubt, he will win. I also felt I would win (or I would not have run) - and Country is doing great!

At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country, our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control!

Thank you Rand!

New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases

The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well, great support. With just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!

The good news is that their ratings are terrible, nobody cares!

We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!

Back in D.C., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country.  Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL!

Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia,Russia.  Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasnt enough. Cant let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!

The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!

Wow, even I didnt realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you

@FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN, but outside of the U.S., CNN International is still a major source of (Fake) news, and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them!

Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @WSJ about what a complete disaster the @CFPB has been under its leader from previous Administration, who just quit!

The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!

Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday!

A great day to support your community and Americas JOB creators by shopping locally at a #SmallBiz. #ShopSmall

Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named Man (Person) of the Year, like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!

Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before, and we will. Need the WALL, need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt

Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism, we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!

After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!

Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done, but what a mistake, in lives and dollars (6 trillion), to be there in the first place!

Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country, our Flag, our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. Players are the boss!

Two great people!

A great guy (with great ratings)!

ObamaCare premiums are going up, up, up, just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats, and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct, we will Repeal &amp; Replace right after Tax Cuts!

My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @USCG, at the Lake Worth Inlet Station, in Riviera Beach, Florida today!
#HappyThanksgiving

HAPPY THANKSGIVING!

Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M.  Afghanistan, Iraq, USS Monterey, Turkey &amp; Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters, Florida

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@ThePlumLineGS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

HAPPY THANKSGIVING, your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back, highest Stock Market EVER, Military getting really strong, we will build the WALL, V.A. taking care of our Vets, great Supreme Court Justice, RECORD CUT IN REGS, lowest unemployment in 17 years....!

And it will get even better with Tax Cuts!

I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina!

51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (AAA). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!  @FoxNews

The @USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved

Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong

Another Crooked Hillary Fan!

The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. Thats almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!

LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar, shoplifting is NOT a little thing. Its a really big deal, especially in China. Ungrateful fool!

It wasnt the White House, it wasnt the State Department, it wasnt father LaVars so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor mans version of Don King, but without the hair. Just think

Today, we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobblers Rest

President Donald J. Trump and @FLOTUS Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House

Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%.  Analysts predict economic boom for 2018!  @foxandfriends and @Varneyco

Marshawn Lynch of the NFLs Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down

Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!

Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will, and must, build the Wall!

Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal

Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be (5-10 years in jail), but not to father LaVar. Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful!

Sen. Jeff Flake(y), who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race, anemic polls) was caught (purposely) on mike saying bad things about your favorite President. Hell be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is toast

Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!

Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just cant stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years!

Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!

Today, it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the @WhiteHouse! 
#NCAAChampionsPhotos:

Together, were going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and were going to destroy the vile criminal cartel, #MS13, and many other gangs...

Hundreds arrested in MS-13 crackdown

If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!

Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, well really see some great results!

And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape?

The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 &amp; 6 while she sleeps?

Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform, 227-205. Zero Dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military!

Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct  a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year!

Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again

China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move, well see what happens!

your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!

To the three UCLA basketball players I say:  Youre welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made

Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!

Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!

It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!

They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!

The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China

Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!

Thank you!

Thank you, working hard!

While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @CNN, which I have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and FAKE, it is. Loser!

@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia, and the friendships &amp; benefits that will endure for years to come!

Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!

Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home!

May God be with the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI and Law Enforcement has arrived

THANK YOU ASIA! #USA

THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK!

One of the most accurate polls last time around. But #FakeNews likes to say were in the 30s. They are wrong. Some people think numbers could be in the 50s. Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I will be making a major statement from the @WhiteHouse upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set

Just arrived at #ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS, unlike the horror shows from past Administrations. Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends!

After my tour of Asia, all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly!

Great to see @RandPaul looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM!

Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

I am proud of the Rep. House &amp; Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {&amp; reform.} Were getting close! Now, how about ending the unfair &amp; highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare &amp; reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35% w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts?

Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!

Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp; work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled

Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade, which we are turning around to be great deals for our country!

Thank you!

We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam, thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the #ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now

Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam!

Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam!

Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me old, when I would NEVER call him short and fat? Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!

Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also, but he had zero chemistry with Putin

When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. There always playing politics - bad for our country. I want to solve North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, terrorism, and Russia can greatly help!

Met with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve, along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis. Progress being made

Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the Phillipines

President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made

Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War

On this wonderful Veterans Day, I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS. Thank you!

On behalf of an entire nation, Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines!
#USMC242 #SemperFi

The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security - economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017

The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security -economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017

The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. That is the message I am here to deliver today. #APEC2017

Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the Indo-Pacific, and together, to promote our prosperity and security. #APEC2017

In more and more places throughout this region, citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies, and unlocked the potential of their people. #APEC2017

Throughout my travels, Ive had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. Ive had the honor of sharing our vision for a free &amp; open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign &amp; independent nations, w/diverse cultures &amp; many different dreams, can all prosper side-by-side

Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017

I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam. @FLOTUS Melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops

My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan!

I dont blame China, I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $100s of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I wouldve done same!

In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China

President Xi, thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display!

Congratulations to all of the DEPLORABLES and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral College landslide victory!

Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China! @FLOTUS Melania and I will never forget it!

NoKo has interpreted Americas past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US

On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and I, THANK YOU for an unforgettableafternoon and eveningat theForbidden City in Beijing, President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning!

Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!

Together, we dream of a Korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again!

Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer

The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear &amp; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreement, &amp; commmitment it has made to the U.S. and its allies. Its broken all of those commitments

The U.S., under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military, and theyre spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world, being built right now. I want peace through strength!

Join me LIVE in South Korea
#NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia

Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Dont forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before!

Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea, then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory

Thank you to all Americans who participated in Natl Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected &amp; disposed. We can do this!

Franklin, such a great photo. 

HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father, @BillyGraham!

@EdWGillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today, ASAP!

and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote @EdWGillespie today!

Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. Hes weak on crime, weak on our GREAT VETS, Anti-Second Amendment

is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class, companies and jobs!

Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration

Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered

It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys, in South Korea

Some of those they are harshly treating have been milking their country for years!

I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing

Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon, a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out!

My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military &amp; energy orders happening+++!

The state of Virginia economy, under Democrat rule, has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back!

#USA #Japan

Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness, we stand strong

May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI &amp; law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan

Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy

It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT @USForcesJapan!

Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama, two wonderful people!

Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo, Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe

I am landing shortly. Cant wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon!

Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States!

Unemployment is down to 4.1%, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever, up $5.4 trill

Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.

Remember #PearlHarbor. Remember the @USSArizona!

A day Ill never forget

Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visit @PacificCommand upon arrival. Heading to Pearl Harbor w/ @FLOTUS now

Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor!

The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

The rigged Dem Primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!

Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan, SKorea, China, Vietnam &amp; the Philippines. Will never let you down!

I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders, not Crooked H, without cheating, I was right

Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!

Based on that, the Military has hit ISIS much harder over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us!

ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the West Side, was their soldier

Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI &amp; Justice Dept

The real story on Collusion is in Donna Bs new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC &amp; then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!

People are angry.  At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!

New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails, Uranium, Podesta, the Server, plus, plus

Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isnt looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems

My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact

I will be interviewed by @IngrahamAngle on @FoxNews at 10:00. Enjoy!

The @TuckerCarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comeys leadership was a disaster!

This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department?

Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H

Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill, but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!

Today, it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the @FederalReserve

Broadcoms move to America=$20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A., $3+ BILLION/yr. in research/engineering &amp; $6 BILLION/yr. in manufacturing

Today, we are thrilled to welcome @Broadcom CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQs from Singapore back to the U.S.A

Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE! #USA

I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security

Congratulations to the Houston @Astros, 2017 #WorldSeries Champions#HoustonStrong #EarnHistory

There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!

Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system

NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY!

Great mtg w/ @Cabinet today. Tomorrow, I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely impressed by this person!

Happy birthday to @garyplayer, a truly great Champion and Person!

It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners!

The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!

Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!

CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE!

@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP ...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!

Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District

Thank you to the GREAT NYPD, First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally!

@NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor ...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrong

Just spoke with @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government

We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones

for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER

Wouldnt it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts

#NYCStrong #USA

Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriends

We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter).  @foxandfriends

The terrorist came into our country through what is called the Diversity Visa Lottery Program, a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based

I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this!

The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!

My thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you!

We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough!

In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.!

U.S. COAL PRODUCTION
Up7.8% past year. 
Down31.5% last 10 years. 
#EndingWarOnCoal

Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August Read more:

Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000 Read more:

Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween!
#Halloween2017

Thank you @LuisRiveraMarin!

Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks

earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp, which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak!

The biggest story yesterday, the one that has the Dems in a dither, is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is

I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)!

came to the campaign. Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!

The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, there was no collusion and events mentioned took place long before he

Also, there is NO COLLUSION!

Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why arent Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems the focus?????

Great job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends

Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12,400,000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OKd!

All of this Russia talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts &amp; Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!

are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!

collusion, which doesnt exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the Rs

the Uranium to Russia deal, the  33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia,

Never seen such Republican ANGER &amp; UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,000,000?),

As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it), but we will Repeal &amp; Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!

JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule!

While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!

Happy #FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service, sacrifice and courage 24/7/365!

in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest

addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure, transparency and

After strict consultation with General Kelly, the CIA and other Agencies, I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and

Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the #OpioidEpidemic by participating!

Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President!

Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Qs in years!

WHAT HAPPENED

How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia


NOW WE KNOW!

#JFKFiles

Happy Birthday @TheLeeGreenwood!
#FlashbackFriday

People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be

@FoxNews Chris Wallace: More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP

We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love

Diane Black of Tennessee, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a GREAT job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax Cuts

Thank you @FLGovScott

It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!

Happy birthday to the great @TheLeeGreenwood. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public!

Happy birthday to the great @leegreenwood83. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Good luck to @Joy_Villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans!

Congratulations to @SpeakerRyan, @GOPLeader, @SteveScalise and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts

Thank you @foxandfriends. Really great job and show!

Wacky &amp; totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections!

WORKING TOGETHER, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic &amp; free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse

Effective today, my administration officially declared the #OpioidCrisis a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under federal law

Big news - Budget just passed!

Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!

Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesnt even show up to meetings/work, and will be VERY weak on crime!

Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #s around, and fast. Strong on crime, he might even save our great statues/heritage!

Will be another Sean success!

Together, we will Make America Great Again!
#AmericaFirst

This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! #TaxReform 
Read more:

Interview with @LouDobbs coming up at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!

Texas @GovAbbott &amp; Lt. Gov. @DanPatrick,

Thank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. Keep up the great work!

The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting!

Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi &amp; Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip!

Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo &amp; trade, two very important subjects!

Just interviewed by @LouDobbs. Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. #Dobbs

Congrats to @Reince Priebus, a really good and talented man. Were proud of you Reince!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Jeff Flake, with an 18% approval rating in Arizona, said a lot of my colleagues have spoken out. Really, they just gave me a standing O!

Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class, business &amp; JOBS

The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!

The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt &amp; wounded!

Clinton campaign &amp; DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President. @FoxNews

So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S

President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24, 2017, as United Nations Day Read more:

Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good

the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward!

Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee, &amp; look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesnt have a clue as

Isnt it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker, who couldnt get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee, will now fight Tax Cuts plus!

Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!

Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal &amp; couldnt get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts

We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our nation

I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!

Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag &amp; Country.  No leadership in NFL!

There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!

It is finally sinking through. 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS, even worse! Lost cred

Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action &amp; vote R!

Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!

2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court Justice, Record Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!

9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security

I agree getting Tax Cuts approved  is important (we will also get HealthCare), but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first

Just out, but lightly reported: Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market Lowest since March 1973. @bpolitics

Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine!

Keep hearing about tiny amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC &amp; CBS?

Officials behind the now discredited Dossier plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it

Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign

Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesnt spent much time on this!

People get what is going on!

Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened

I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party!

Budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!

Great book just out, A Place Called Heaven, by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man!

This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today:

Today, it was an honor to have @UN
Secretary-General @AntonioGuterres at the @WhiteHouse. Speaking for the U.S.A., we appreciate all you do!

Thank you @GeraldoRivera @FoxandFriends. Agree!

Just out report: United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror. Not good, we must keep America safe!

This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform), which will be the biggest in the history of our country!

The Budget passed late last night, 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against

Great news on the 2018 budget @SenateMajLdr McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American people! #TaxReform

Big ratings getter @seanhannity and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show!

The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D), who was SECRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content!

Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100%!

ISIS is losing its grip...
Army Colonel Ryan Dillon
CJTFOIR

It was great to have Governor @RicardoRossello of #PuertoRicowith us at the @WhiteHouse today. We are with you! #PRStrong

@foxandfriends Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation

Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems (or all)?

Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesnt want to follow!

Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows?

46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump &amp; his Administration. @FoxNews   It is actually much worse than this!

@DanaPerino &amp; @BradThor,
Thank you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA

20,00021,00022,000 23,000this year...FOUR one thousand milestones this year... 
#Dow23K #MAGA

This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA

@NFL: Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem

Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other limits..
Amb. @NikkiHaley

It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the @WhiteHouse today. #TaxReform

Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and @FEMA team. We support you!

The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers &amp; harmful to job-creators. Americans need #TaxReform! More:

I am supportive of Lamar as a person &amp; also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins cos who have made a fortune w/ OCare

Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!

The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!

As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!

The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history

people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didnt do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?

Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating  Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many

The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD

Thank you @Heritage! This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy, revive our industry &amp; renew the AMERICAN DREAM!

WOW!

BORDER WALL prototypes underway!

Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a product that never had a chance of working

So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be @NBCNews, @CBSNews, @ABC and @CNN. Fiction writers!

It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today!

Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece

Dow Passes 23,000 for the First Time, Fueled by Strong Earnings
#Dow23K

Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!

Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Intl Airport!

I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, I hope so!

The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm

Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low &amp; companies are coming back to U.S

Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!

The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. Thats all they are good at!

Art Laffer just said that he doesnt know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews

approvals of The Keystone XL &amp; Dakota Access pipelines. Also, look at the recent EPA cancelations &amp; our great new Supreme Court Justice!

The Failing @nytimes, in a story by Peter Baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP &amp; The Paris Accord &amp; the fast

The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!

Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!

Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!

Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs. We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history

ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums &amp; deductibles are way up!

Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits, under the guise of ObamaCare, is over. They have made a fortune.
Dems must get smart &amp; deal!

Many people talking, with much agreement, on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!

Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts

#WeeklyAddress

Today, I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regimes hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon

Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004

In America, we dont worship government - we worship God. 
#ValuesVotersSummit

I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women @USNavy!
#242NavyBday

The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the Hs. I will always be with them!

Hard to believe that the Democrats, who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime

ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!

Sadly, they and others are Fake News, and the public is just beginning to figure it out!

The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!

It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY, to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES, and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform

People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (FakeNews) @NBCNews is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even @CNN!

Happy #NationalFarmersDay!

We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA, GROW in AMERICA, and HIRE in AMERICA!

The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access, INCREASE choices, and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE!

The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!

We cannot keep FEMA, the Military &amp; the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!

accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend

Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making. says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of

Clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now. Have a great day!

In even the darkest moments, the light of our people has shown through their goodness, their courage and their love. #USA

Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!

Joining @SeanHannity tonight at 9pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in America, GROW in America, and HIRE in America

I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE. Enjoy!

Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! 
#TaxReform #USA

Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sundays tragedy

With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!

Fake @NBCNews made up a story that I wanted a tenfold increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction, made up to demean. NBC = CNN!

It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY

The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp; soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the WALL!

It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts

if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA

Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and

fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and, more importantly, for the USA!

The Fake News is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know, General John Kelly, by saying he will soon be

My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with @FLOTUS today!

The Failing @nytimes set Liddle Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool, and thats what I am dealing with!

Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, The Art of the Donald, Lessons from Americas.... Really good book!

With Jemele Hill at the mike, it is no wonder ESPN ratings have tanked, in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!

Since Congress cant get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST

The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats dont want secure borders,they dont care about safety for U.S.A

Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law!

We have just begun!

A big salute to Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys, who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag.Stand for Anthem or sit for game!

President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9, 2017, as #ColumbusDay

The trip by @VP Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!

Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars &amp; getting nothing. Policy didnt work!

The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters.....   @nypost  Thank you!

Nobody could have done what Ive done for #PuertoRico with so little appreciation. So much work!

Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, &amp; thats about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done!

FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control!

I asked @VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and @SecondLady Karen

Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didnt have the guts to run!

my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said NO THANKS. He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!

Senator Bob Corker begged me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said NO and he dropped out (said he could not win without

#LasVegasStrong #USA

Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!

Thanks for your support!

hasnt worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work!

Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid

Will be joining @GovMikeHuckabee tonight at 8pmE on @TBN. Enjoy!

Our great team at @FEMA is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA, MS, AL, and FL please listen to your local authorities &amp; be safe!

@NBCNews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it, which is really all that matters! Not #1

I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows!

More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?

Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very unfunny &amp; repetitive material, always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?

contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $s than the Dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!

Cant believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. It discusses the enthusiasm of Trump voters through campaign

Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs &amp; sanctuary cities.  Vote Ed Gillespie!

Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by @NBCNews. Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me

Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!

Why Isnt the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!

Thank you!

So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who I will never forget!

On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION, THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night

WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS!

I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with @FLOTUS Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers

The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!

NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!

Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!

A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship

My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @RicardoRossello &amp; his team. Great progress being made! #PRStrong

It is a miracle how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!

So proud of @FEMA, Military, and First Responders! Thank you!

Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done by @FEMA and First Responders

Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers

I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!

My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!

Congratulations to #TeamUSAon your great @PresidentsCup victory!

Being nice to Rocket Man hasnt worked in 25 years, why would it work now? Clinton failed, Bush failed, and Obama failed. I wont fail

Save your energy Rex, well do what has to be done!

I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man

for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!

people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected

We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,

19,000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem

In analyzing the Alabama Primary race,FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!

In analyzing the Alabama Primary race, Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election!

Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here, they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB!

Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!

I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist &amp; support the people in their time of great need

Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR!

We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster

@ricardorossello ......#FakeNews critics are working overtime, but were getting great marks from the people that truly matter! 
#PRStrong

My Administration, Governor @RicardoRossello, and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way

To the people of Puerto Rico:
Do not believe the #FakeNews!
#PRStrong

Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you!

Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!

The Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello, is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky!

Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems, an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people!

The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first Rs. Shame!

I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard)

Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to get Trump. Not fair to FR or effort!

The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed

want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job

Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They

The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump

@IMPDnews @POTUS THANK YOU to the amazing Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and all law enforcement officers, for all you do 24/7/365! #LESM

Join me for my #WeeklyAddress

My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur, the holiest day of the Jewish year

Thank you @ShopFloorNAM. An honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017. #TaxReform

This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nations classrooms with the jobs of the future

RECORD HIGH FOR S &amp; P 500!

Thank you to FEMA, our great Military &amp; all First Responders who are working so hard,against terrible odds,in Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!

The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!

Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: The Administration and the President, every time weve spoken, theyve delivered

GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. Many people thought it would be years before that happened. We have just begun!

Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system, electric grid many roads, gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said great job!

really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly!

FEMA &amp; First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food &amp; water delivered. Docks &amp; electric grid dead. Locals trying

Welcome back @SteveScalise!
#TeamScalise

The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site

Democrats dont want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill

It is time to take care of OUR people, to rebuild OUR NATION, and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform #USA

This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed &amp; grow TOGETHER  as one team, one people, &amp; one American family. #TaxReform

Just arrived in Indianapolis, Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring

Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News, @nytimes(apologized) &amp; @WaPo were anti-Trump. Collusion?

We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!

With one Yes vote in hospital &amp; very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out), we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday!

Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!

Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!

Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec!

Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Nov!

Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed RESPECT for our National Anthem!

70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then &amp; now! Thanks NSC Staff!

Thank you to our wonderful team @USUN and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA

It was an honor to welcome President @MarianoraJoy of Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal #NoKo regime

I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month

Americas hearts &amp; prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico &amp; the #USVI. We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER!

Heading over to the @UN to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives! #USA

Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! #USA

ALABAMA, get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #MAGA

The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you cant kneel during our National Anthem!

Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way

Great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea

Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for Big Luther

But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!

But while Dallas dropped to it knees as a team, they ALL stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made - we love our country!

The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger

Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!

Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange, tough on crime &amp; border - will never let you down!

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing &amp; Replacing OCare. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk!

owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA

Its old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars

Texas &amp; Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure &amp; massive debt, is in deep trouble

Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.
#StandForOurAnthem

General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!

@CNN is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie!

#StandForOurAnthem

The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts &amp; reform

The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!

Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!

So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They wont put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!

Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet

Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!

Alaska, Arizona, Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal &amp; Replace and some Senators not there

Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!

Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!

NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S

If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag &amp; Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!

Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they wont be around much longer!

Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!

Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a moment of courage. Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase!

Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!

Very proud of our incredible First Lady (@FLOTUS.) She is a truly great representative for our country!

our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOURE FIRED. Find something else to do!

If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect

Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!

It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people, what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday

Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare, worst in the country. Deductibles high, people angry! Lisa M comes through

I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!

Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control &amp;  management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!

Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad

John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal &amp; Replace. Let Arizona down!

Heading to Alabama now, big crowd!

Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!

#USAatUNGA#UNGA

Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. He loves Alabama, and so do I!

The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media screaming for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!

The Russia hoax continues, now its ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?

Thank you!

Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesnt mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before!

Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as the Republican who saved ObamaCare

A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!

Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C

Today, I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #NoKo

It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea.
Stay tuned! #UNGA

It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. #UNGA

It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning! #USAatUNGA #UNGA

Governor @RicardoRossello- 
We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong

Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care), he doesnt lie-just wants to help people!

The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He wont let you down!

I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal &amp; Replace

Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like Big Luther Strange. Smart, tough on crime, borders &amp; trade, loves Vets &amp; Military. Tuesday!

On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year

Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges &amp; opportunities facing our nations today

Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority &amp; his delegation, who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace

It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting!

Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting Big Luther Strange because he was so loyal &amp; helpful to me!

I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!

Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!

Thank you  @foxandfriends - great show!

The world is noticing, thanks!

After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also), Crooked Hillary now criticizes

Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you Jacob!

I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the DEPLORABLES

So nice, thank you!

A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!

Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help!

The true question for the @UN

It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations.
#USAatUNGA#UNGA

God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you

As President of the United States of America, I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst#UNGA
Full remarks:

Thehas great strength &amp; patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy #NoKo

Big day at the United Nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M

#USAatUNGA #UNGA

We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, very soon!

It was a great honor to be with President @EmmanuelMacron of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! #UNGA

Such an honor to have my good friend, Israel PM @Netanyahu, join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA

Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @Netanyahu shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!

We commend SG @AntonioGuterres &amp; his call for the UN to focus more on people &amp; less on bureaucracy. #USAatUNGA #UNGA

Happy 70th Birthday @CIA!

Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce!

Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it. #MAGA

My great honor!

Thank you!

I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!

Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help

I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. Big Luther is a great guy who gets things done!

Attorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help!

A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better!

HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @USAirForce! The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD, STRONG and FREE!

We will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont:

Our hearts &amp; prayers go out to the people of London, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack

NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.
Proclamation:

Frank FX Giaccio-
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania &amp; myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A+!

WEEKLY ADDRESS

CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!

ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!

We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive &amp; nasty!

The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!

Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp; use better!

Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!

With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Cant get votes, END NOW!

FLORIDA-
Just like TX, WE are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow, &amp; we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RESTORE, RECOVER, &amp; REBUILD!

WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!

Emergency Information 
1-800-342-3557


Volunteer 
1-800-FL-HELP-1

I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But dont worry, I will veto because I love our country &amp; its people

Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. &amp; its people

Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site

Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!

Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do!

They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security

Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!

The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built

No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote

The deplorables came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game!

Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!

China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!

With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!

I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders &amp; others

The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut &amp; Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!

It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the @WhiteHouse today!

Congratulations to Eric &amp; Lara on the birth of their son, Eric Luke Trump this morning!

The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!

Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me &amp; have zero access. #FAKE NEWS!

May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911

#NeverForget

The U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!

Heed the advice of @FLGovScott!

If youre in an evacuation zone, you need to get to a shelter...theres not many hours left. Gov. Scott

This is a storm of enormous destructive power, and I ask everyone in the storms path to heed ALL instructions from government officials

FLORIDA- 
Visit  to find shelters, road closures, &amp; evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list:

Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others)

A message to my fellow Americans#IrmaHurricane2017

Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Dont wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!

never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!

Republicans, sorry, but Ive been hearing about Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, didnt happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will

Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!

Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready!

We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. Im proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal

I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local &amp; state officials!

During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab &amp; Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies

Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE!

Welcome to the @WhiteHouse, Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon:

For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!

Thank you, our great honor!

Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMA

We want our companies to hire &amp; grow in AMERICA, to raise wages for AMERICAN workers, &amp; to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities &amp; towns! #USA

If we want to renew our PROSPERITY, restore OPPORTUNITY, &amp; re-establish our economic DOMINANCE, then we need tax reform that is pro-growth

Thank you for joining me in Mandan, ND Gov. @DougBurgum, Lt. Gov. @BrentSanfordND, @SenJohnHoeven, @RepKevinCramer &amp; @SenatorHeitkamp

Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men &amp; women @ the Andeavor Refinery. 
Full remarks:

Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida, Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands &amp; Ricardo Rossell of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W/ YOU ALL!

President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations

Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!

Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!

Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change

Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they cant, I will revisit this issue!

I look forward to working w/ Ds + Rs in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st

I am allowing Japan &amp; South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States

Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA!

Big week coming up!

We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay!

The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea

I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you

South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!

North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success

North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States

So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ @NationalGuard, #LEOs &amp; the #CajunNavy!

Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!

Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation &amp; coordination!

The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!

Together, we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!

GOD BLESS TEXAS &amp; GOD BLESS THE USA

TEXAS: We are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, and REBUILD!

Departing for Texas and Louisiana with @FLOTUS Melania right now @JBA_NAFW. We will see you soon. America is with you!

On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania &amp; myself, THANK YOU for todays update &amp; GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist @SendRelief, @RedCross &amp; @SalvationArmyUS

I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House

Stock Market up 5 months in a row!

President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas

Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!

get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!

General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to

Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!

Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still, so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!

THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong

First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage &amp; devotion has saved countless lives  they represent the very best of America!

Texas &amp; Louisiana: We are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow, &amp; we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, &amp; REBUILD!

Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!

After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!

After witnessing first hand the horror &amp; devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!

The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!

@foxandfriends   We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Dont need many of them - reduce size of government. @IngrahamAngle

Leaving now for Texas!

HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!

Major rescue operations underway!

Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Even experts have said theyve never seen one like this!

We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico &amp; Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate?

With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other

Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well!

I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in 16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S!

I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety

Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground

Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued

A great book by a great guy, highly recommended!

Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall

THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas!

Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together!

@ChuckGrassley - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #Harvey. So far, so good!

You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe

We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you! @GovAbbott @FEMA @DHSgov

I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe!

At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!

Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!

Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds!

Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!

I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice &amp; orders of their local and state officials

Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting @DHSgov Secretary Elaine Duke, @FEMA_Brock, @TomBossert45 and COS John Kelly

I have spoken w/ @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments &amp; here to assist as needed

Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in 18. Tennessee not happy!

Nick Adams, Retaking America  Best things of this presidency arent reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever

Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC!

General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Dont believe the Fake News

If Senate Republicans dont get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!

A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America!

A great honor to spend time with our brave HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United Staes of America!

As #HurricaneHarvey intensifies - remember to #PlanAhead

On Tuesday, I visited with the incredible men &amp; women of @ICEgov &amp; @DHSgov Border Patrol in Yuma, AZ. Thank you. We respect &amp; cherish you!

The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened!

James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?

(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!

James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?

(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!

The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally

(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong).To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!

The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, their was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally

didnt do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!

I requested that Mitch M &amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They

Donald E. Ballard, on behalf of the people of the United States, THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE US ALL! #ALConv2017

A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement &amp; Modernization Act into law w/ @AmericanLegion @SecShulkin

As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #ALConv2017

If Republican Senate doesnt get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp; go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!

Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didnt cover fairly. People got it!

Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime &amp; border!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

#DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally

Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets!

Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at:

THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma, Arizona &amp; around the United States!

We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts, courage in our souls &amp; everlasting pride in each &amp; every one of you. God Bless America

See you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix, Arizona! #MAGA
Tickets:

We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @USNavy aboard the  #USSJohnSMcCain, and their families

Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong!

Address to the Nation
Full Video &amp; Transcript:

Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer, and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. #USA

Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia

Thank you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control!

Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!

Thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search &amp; rescue efforts are underway

Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!

I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!

Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, &amp; we will heal, &amp; be stronger than ever before!

Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heel, &amp; we will heel, &amp; be stronger than ever before!

Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor @Marty_Walsh

Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you

Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNews...maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!

Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan

I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S

My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you!
#LESM

Today, I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (#HR873.) The bill authorizes....cont

Just returned to Bedminster, NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military! #MAGA

I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont:

Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever)

Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!

The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!

Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert &amp; closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!

Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!

The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough &amp; strong, we love you!

the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!

cant change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - whos next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also

Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You

Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!

Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. Hes toxic!

The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame!

and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just cant forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!

Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis &amp; white supremacists

THANK YOU @MayorGimenez for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks:

Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at:

Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017, joined by @DeptVetAffairs @SecShulkin

Just landed in Bedminster, New Jersey. #MAGA

Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all!

Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!

Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall &amp; Crime!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!

Congratulations John!

Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!

Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!

For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!

Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!

@foxandfriends According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didnt want to anger Russia!

Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc

Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!

Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!

Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade

Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House &amp; Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!

@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back &amp; LOWER PRICES!

Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from Presidents Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!

The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!

Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp; Wall, the military, tax cuts &amp; law enforcement

Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA

Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad!

Deepest condolences to the families &amp; fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. Youre all among the best this nation produces

We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready, willing and able

We must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST

What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.
#Charlottesville

Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey:

Am in Bedminster for meetings &amp; press conference on V.A. &amp; all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!

We ALL must be united &amp; condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!

Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster, New Jersey

As promised on the campaign trail, we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed &amp; thrive as the economy grows!

Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism via Bloomberg

We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are

Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely.  Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!

Trump approval rebounds to 45%, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men

@IvankaTrump will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall, supporting womens entrepreneurship globally.
#GES2017 @narendramodi

Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal &amp; Replace, Tax Reform &amp; Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!

Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, couldnt get it done. Must Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare!

#GodBlessTheUSA

Senator Mitch McConnell said I had excessive expectations, but I dont think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp; Replace, why not done?

Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!

My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before

Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!

After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Dont believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!

E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane

After many years of failure,countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough &amp; decisive!

I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J

I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there

How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?

The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Councils 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!

On #PurpleHeartDayI thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA

conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?

Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and

Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!

Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings

Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES &amp; WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!

Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!

and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs

The Trump base is far bigger &amp;  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio

The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!

Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions

The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C., surging economy &amp; jobs,border &amp; military security,ISIS &amp; MS-13 etc

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K

Thank you Nicole!

After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better!

The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!

Working in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!

Under Trump, gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated

Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first. #AmericaFirst

Great work being done by @FEMA @DHSgov w/state &amp; local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an investment in our future!

No matter the mission, the brave men &amp; women of our @USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #CG227

Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!

West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night

Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation busting to come. Working hard on tax cuts &amp; reform!

and dont forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin

Toyota &amp; Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!

Thank you West Virginia! All across the country, Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA

Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere, using #VAVideoConnect - available at:

Today, I  announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA

See you tonight Huntington, West Virginia!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tickets:

Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp; very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress, the same people that cant even give us HCare!

I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business &amp; jobs will grow

Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesnt just happen!

I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE

I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers &amp; taxpayers. Watch:  #RAISEAct

Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a heros welcome

It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our COUNTRY, &amp; OUR FREEDOM!

Small business owners are the DREAMERS &amp; INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!
Read more and watch here:

Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!

Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now. Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roar,watch!

Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!

A great day at the White House!

Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos!

If ObamaCare is hurting people, &amp; it is, why shouldnt it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not be paying what public pays?

Dont give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal &amp; Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines &amp; more

they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!

I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet

I love reading about all of the geniuses who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most dont exist. #Fake News! MAGA

Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal &amp; Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!

U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!

If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!

After seven years of talking Repeal &amp; Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!

If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at Rs. MAKE CHANGE!

8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kates Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!

Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they dont go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time

The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing Rs in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. ITS TIME!

Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!

In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military &amp; low oil prices. Witch Hunt!

We will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay:

I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!

and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration

I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American

Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradicated. #LESM

We will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! #LESM
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 
#FlashbackFriday #MS13

Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills &amp; budgets need 60 votes

If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60

3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!

Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!

It was my great HONOR to present our nations highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES!

Today, we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria, VA

Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving @SteveScalise. #TeamScalise

Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!

about then candidate Trump. Catherine Herridge @FoxNews. So why doesnt Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting

One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information

Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Dont let the American people down!

Wow, the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends ....the most powerful T.V. show in America

Thank you Foxconn, for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeInTheUSA

Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks:

IN AMERICA WE DONT WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD!

big dollars ($700,000) for his wifes political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!

Why didnt A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got

victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you

Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming

After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow

Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad!

The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!

People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening!

It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you!

Just arrived in Youngstown, Ohio with @FLOTUS Melania!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@SenJohnMcCain-Thank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!

Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live!

Americas Labor Market Continues to Boom JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action!

Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!

This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!

Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big &amp; exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!

Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!

So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John

ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal &amp; Replace! I have pen in hand

Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!

Problem is that the acting head of the FBI &amp; the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife!

Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails &amp; DNC server) &amp; Intel leakers!

Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - quietly working to boost Clinton. So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity

Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?

So many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged @CNN. Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?

The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad

#2017Jambo- Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life  and LOVE &amp; CHERISH your country!

Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare! 
Remarks:

Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke, and @SecPriceMD

Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp; Replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on it

Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into Russia, spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!

So why arent the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia relations?

After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia

Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - its actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!

Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs,border etc. = TRUE!

If Republicans dont Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!

Its hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad!

Its very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President

As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!

To every PATRIOT who will serve on the #USSGeraldRFord:
Keep the watch
Protect her
Defend her
LOVE HER
Good Luck &amp; Godspeed!

American steel &amp; American hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE!
#USSGeraldRFord #USA

A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it  and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world. @USNavy #USSGeraldRFord

Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford!
 #USA

ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!

The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!

In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didnt think I was running!

My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media &amp; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (&amp; acid washed) her 33,000 e-mails!

What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc

So many people are asking why isnt the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?

While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS

This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford.  Norfolk, Va

The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security

A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comeys, must stop!

Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!

Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the @WhiteHouse. #HonorThem
Remarks:

Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the WH. Remarks:

Manufacturers record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @ShopFloorNAM:

ICYMI- This week we hosted a #MadeInAmerica event, right here at the @WhiteHouse! If it is MADE IN AMERICA, it is the BEST! USA

Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTHthat is making AmericaFOUR TRILLION DOLLARSRICHER. -Stuart @VarneyCo

#MadeInAmerica

Billions of dollars in investments &amp; thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning, Merck &amp; Pfizer:

I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in America. #AmericaFirst

Departing The Pentagon after meetings with @VP Pence, Secretary James Mattis, and our great teams. #MAGA

Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon

The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, &amp; it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!

I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!

The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!

Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is sick. All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!

The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!

With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House &amp; Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes!

As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!

We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific &amp; worked really hard. We will return!

Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now &amp; work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!

Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. Thats politics!

Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!

Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @USGA #USWomensOpen

I am at the @USGA  #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!

The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations!

The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!

With all of its phony unnamed sources &amp; highly slanted &amp; even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!

Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign

Thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the Womens U.S. Open. Very cool!

HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate &amp; delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?

The women played great today at the @USGA #USWomensOpen I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round!

Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress

Will be at the Womens U.S. Open today!

Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good!

Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!

I will be at the @USGA #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected &amp; the women are playing great-should be very exciting!

Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you!

President @EmmanuelMacron,
Thank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France. #BastilleDay #14juillet

Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!

Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the
#USWomensOpen, their most important tournament, this afternoon

Great conversations with President @EmmanuelMacron and his representatives on trade, military and security

The United States mourns for the victims of Nice, France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror

It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations President @EmmanuelMacron!

@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people

After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!

So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of @SenateMajLdr McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of OCare disaster, must happen!

Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!

Great evening with President @EmmanuelMacron &amp; Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever

Great bilateral meetings at lyse Palace w/ President @EmmanuelMacron. The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable

President @EmmanuelMacron,
Thank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today!

Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @USEmbassyFrance, members of the U.S. Military and their families

Just landed in Paris, France with @FLOTUS Melania

Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border &amp; save lives. Now the full House &amp; Senate must act!

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA

Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA

Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp; honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI

After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture

The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform &amp; many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V

Why arent the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!

@WashTimes states Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump

ISIS is on the run &amp; will soon be wiped out of Syria &amp; Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp; MS 13 gangs are being removed

Remember, when you hear the words sources say from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist

My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!

My son, Donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!

Big wins against ISIS!

Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!

Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!

The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They  cant win so all they do is slow things down &amp; obstruct!

If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!

When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!

I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!

James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!

The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesnt mean I think it can happen. It cant-but a ceasefire can,&amp; did!

Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!

For years, even as a civilian, I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian &amp; Syrian problems are solved!

have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?

and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA &amp; FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still dont

Putin &amp; I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, &amp; many other negative things, will be guarded

We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!

I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. Ive already given my opinion

The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!

Thank you @SenatorDole, very kind!

Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left Chinas President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade &amp; North Korea

Law enforcement &amp; military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @PolizeiHamburg #G20Summit

The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!

We will fight the #FakeNews with you!

Great first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg, Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA

Thank you! 

Trumps Defining Speech 
WSJ Editorial:

I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!

I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss.
#G20Summit #USA

Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!

After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinz Abe of Japan &amp; President Moon of South Korea

My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!

A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe, and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West, and to the world

THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH!

America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #POTUSinPoland

On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you Poland!
#ICYMI, watch here  #POTUSinPoland

Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you!

Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!

The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?

Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday

#HappyIndependenceDay #USA

Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower

Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!

#HappyIndependenceDay 
#July4 #USA

and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!

North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea

Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?

Really great numbers on jobs &amp; the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Dont like steel &amp; aluminum dumping!

Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews

If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so

At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border &amp; so much else!

Will be speaking with Italy this morning!

Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!

Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning

Americas men &amp; women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION, the STRONG protecting the WEAK, &amp; G

Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!

The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!

#FraudNewsCNN #FNN

We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood, poured your love, and bared your soul, in

My use of social media is not Presidential - its MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!

I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!

the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN!

The FAKE &amp; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember, I won

Getting rdy to leave for tonights Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelic

Weekly Address #KatesLaw
#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct
Statement:

Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!

I am extremely pleased to see that @CNN has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. Its about time!

Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?

Word is that @Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @NBC &amp; @Comcast because she refused to go along w/ Trump hate!

Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend @JustinTrudeau. #Canada150

America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American

The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely

I am encouraged by President Moons assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers, b

Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show

Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!

If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!

Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!

Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs &amp; TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true ene

When it comes to the future of Americas energy needs, we will FIND IT, we will DREAM IT, and we will BUILD IT

Statement on House Passage of Kates Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act

Good news out of the House with the passing of No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. Hopefully Senate will follow

Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow

Mattis Says Trumps Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria

Join me LIVE with @VP, @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke and @EPAScottPruitt. 
#UnleashingAmericanEnergy

MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!

#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct 
#KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives

Today, the House votes on two crucial bills:
#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct 
#KatesLaw 
Pass these bills &amp; lets

to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Years Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!

I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (dont watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came

New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly

Tomorrow the House votes on #KatesLaw &amp; No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety

From my first day in office, weve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks

Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up

Today, I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more

It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago @Cubs  to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon

#ICYMI- on Monday, I had the great honor of welcoming Indias Prime Minister @narendramodi to the WH. Full Remarks:

The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!

Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well &amp; want victory for U.S

The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They dont even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!

I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare!

With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard!

So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS &amp; ABC? What about the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!

Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!

Wow, CNN had to retract big story on Russia, with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!

Great day for Americas future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people, &amp; WIN!

From @FoxNews Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election.  Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!

Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!

Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp; burn!

under a magnifying glass, they have zero tapes of T people colluding. There is no collusion &amp; no obstruction. I should be given apology!

The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia

and did not want to rock the boat. He didnt choke, he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good

The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win

The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!

I am on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!

Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!

Obama Administration official said they choked when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didnt want to hurt Hillary?

Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!

Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums &amp; deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan?

Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?

WEEKLY ADDRESS

Today, it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law, delivering my campaign promise

Ive helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!

Will be on @foxandfriends. Enjoy!

@FLOTUS &amp; I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening &amp; tradition. @MarineBand:

Were all thinking of you @SteveScalise! #TeamScalise

Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#AmericaFirst

I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead

Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!

As promised, our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues. 

@ICEgov Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation

whether there are tapes or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings

With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea

I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin Chuck stay!

Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasnt? Its all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!

Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). Its all a big Dem HOAX!

By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didnt they stop them?

Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump &amp; Russia

Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!

Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN

Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA

Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesnt work!

Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0

Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolinas 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!

Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!

Thank you @FoxNews Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election

Things are looking great for Karen H!

It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence

While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi &amp; China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!

The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video:

KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY

Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesnt even live in district

Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote R

Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement:

It was my great honor to welcome President @JC_Varela &amp; Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon

because he doesnt even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel

Karen Handels opponent in #GA06 cant even vote in the district he wants to represent

because he doesnt live there! He wants to raise taxes &amp; kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel

Karen Handles opponent in #GA06 cant even vote in the district he wants to represent

getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!

Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SCs 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and

My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @USNavy sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families

The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in Ps. Vote now for Karen H

Jay Sekulow on @foxandfriends now

Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!

The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.Thats higher than Os #s!

massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!

The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,

Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for th

Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!

National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba
Memorandum

Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards Cuba
Video: 
Transcript:

Great news! #MAGA

I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt

Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic &amp; jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!

The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them

After 7 months of investigations &amp; committee hearings about my collusion with the Russians,  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!

#CongressionalBaseballGame

Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek at @WCTC w/ @IvankaTrump &amp; @GovWalker. 
Remarks

Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, bleached emails, &amp; had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- &amp; they talk about obstruction?

Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?

You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGA

They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice

Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!

Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, &amp; dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!

Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him

Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!

The passage of the @DeptVetAffairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo

Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA

2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist!

Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting

Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???

A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!

Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C

The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!

Congratulations to the 2016 @ClemsonFB Tigers!
Full ceremony: 
#NationalChampions

Finally held our first full @Cabinet meeting today. With this great team, we can restore American prosperity and br

Congratulations! 

First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania

We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting

Ivanka on @foxandfriends now!

Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in!

My daughter, Ivanka, will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. Enjoy!

The Democrats have no message,  not on economics, not on taxes,  not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!

I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very cowardly!

way up. Regulations way down. 600,000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3%. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!

The #FakeNews MSM doesnt report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling &amp; energy sector

America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put #AmericaFirst! #InfrastructureWeek

Time to start building in our country, with American workers &amp; with American iron, aluminum &amp; steel. It is time to

It is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams, &amp; yes, to put #AmericaFirst! TY O

A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the @WhiteHouse Infrastructure Summit

An honor to join the @FaithandFreedom Coalition yesterday. In America, we dont worship government. We worship God

Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling &amp; Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!

Great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. Thank you!

Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!

Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &amp; also Infrastructure!

I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow

Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We cant tolerate substandard care for our vets

#ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative 

Watch

Great meeting with @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP leaders, including @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr, @GOPLeader, @JohnCornyn

Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay

extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!

So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding

Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH

During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!

The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out

Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!

Thats right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that wont help us protect our people!

Today, I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!

@SecShulkins decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best!

Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his no reason to be alarmed statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!

@foxandfriends  Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals

In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!

The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - &amp; seek much tougher version!

The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C

People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!

Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? Thats because they used knives and a truck!

At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is no reason to be alarmed!

We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we dont get smart it will only get worse

Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!

We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!

#WeeklyAddress

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. #AmericaFirst

Join me live at the @WhiteHouse

The big story is the unmasking and surveillance of people that took place during the Obama Administration

I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M.  The White House Rose Garden.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; DNC

It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyn Xun Phc to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon

We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at:

I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp; replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $s

Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!

case against him &amp; now wants to clear his name by showing the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan... Witch Hunt!

So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, dont want him to testify. He blows away their

Who can figure out the true meaning of covfefe ???  Enjoy!

Despite the constant negative press covfefe

The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!

Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. &amp; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News

We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO &amp; military. Very bad for U.S. This will change

I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning

Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families &amp; God bless the USA!

North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!

Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay

The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they dont want America to hear the real story!

The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!

I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!

British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!

Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered

it is very possible that those sources dont exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!

Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered

it is very possible that those sources dont exsist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!

Whenever you see the words sources say in the fake news media, and they dont mention names

It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media

Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!

Big win in Montana for Republicans!

Just arrived in Italy after having a very successful NATO meeting in Brussels. Told other nations they must pay more, not fair to  U.S

Big win in Montana for Republicans! We

Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary

we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field

Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where

I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!

Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger

Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7Taormina

On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, President Sergio Mattarella

Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront &amp; defeat this evil

Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security

Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs

Just arrived in Taormina with @FLOTUS Melania. 
#G7Summit #USA

Thank you for your support. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
#POTUSAbroad #USA

Todays ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.
#NATOMeeting #NATO

Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon!

Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC

All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace

Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican &amp; Pope, then #G7 and #NATO

Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi

We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom

Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi- on behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for the invitation

#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad

Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit 

Replay 

#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad

Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen &amp; women who have served, and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES

Great to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad

#WeeklyAddress

Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - thats what I like to do!

President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #PoliceWeek
Proclamation

A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today!
Joint Press Conf

With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!

This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!

With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration, there was never a special councel appointed!

It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the @USCGAcademy. CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!

It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoan, to the @WhiteHouse today!

U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April

I have been asking Director Comey &amp; others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community

to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS &amp; terrorism

As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining

#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and
#PoliceWeek Proclamation:

Today, I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers Memorial Service. 
#NationalPoliceWeek
Watch

Wishing @FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! 

Happy #MothersDay

I was thrilled to be back @LibertyU. Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day, and youve earned it

Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy!

We

#WeeklyAddress

Today, I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch

Today, @FLOTUS hosted a Military Mothers Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by, say hel

China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news!

When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end?

James Comey better hope that there are no tapes of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!

Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future press briefings and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???

As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!

The Fake Media is working overtime today!

Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians &amp; Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election

Yesterday, on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine, Pavlo

Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election

We finally agree on something Rosie

Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity

Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure

The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!
#DrainTheSwamp

Dems have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!

The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision

caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts

years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When

Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. Richie devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For

Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!

James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI

The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!

Cryin Chuck Schumer stated recently, I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer. Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp

Manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery

It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers!

Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesnt the media report on this? #FakeNews!

The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?

Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!

Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is no evidence of collusion w/ Russia and Trump

Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence

Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel

Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council

General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that

Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!

Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big thats sold in U.S

Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!

Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!

When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp; why the DNC wouldnt allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?

The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!

Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!

Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? Its dead!

Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!

#WeeklyAddress

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great

Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!

Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!

An honor to welcome PM of Australia, @TurnbullMalcolm to America &amp; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the

It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal &amp; replace of ObamaCare

If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!

Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare!

I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go down ObamaCare lie

Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer, LIVE:

Death spiral!
Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year

Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike

The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!

allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!

Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on

An honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today. Hopefully something terrific could come out it between th

It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the

Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?

FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony

Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chiefs Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons! 
Watch:

either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good shutdown in September to fix mess!

The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We

President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!

#ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EOs to help keep jobs &amp; wealth in our country.
EO1:  
EO2:

This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation

healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!

You cant compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New

The Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in whats best for U.S

Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!

Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders &amp; great optimism!

Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy!

@LouDobbs just stated that President Trumps successes are unmatched in recent presidential history  Thank you Lou!

North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp; its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!

I will be interviewed by @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!

We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS!

Today, I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @DeptVetAffairs:

Presidential Memorandum for the @CommerceGov, @SecretaryRoss re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:

@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President @MauricioMacri and First Lady Juliana Awada to t

As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!

Democrats used to support border security  now they want illegals to pour through our borders

Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst

Whats more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats

I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!

I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare

The Democrats want to shut government if we dont bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!

subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!

I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed

Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!

A great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year fro

Today, I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO:

Today, I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of @Interior: Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act

HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS, Melania!

The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly

the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this judge shopping! Messy system

Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the ban case and now the sanctuary case is brought in

First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!

Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America
Executive Order:

Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museums National Days of Remembrance. 
Full remarks:

Dont let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc

Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!

Proud of @IvankaTrump for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20!

Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation:  #ICYMI- My statement last night at

If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!

Join me in congratulating @NASAs @AstroPeggy by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today:

the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!
#BuildTheWall

#CongratsPeggy!

The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If

The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC &amp; NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch!

popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp; 53% said strong leader

New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in

Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall

The Democrats dont want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members

ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought

Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. @foxandfriends

Very interesting election currently taking place in France

I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!

Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation

Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday

Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!

Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!

After 5 SB victories since 2002, it was my honor to give Bob Kraft, Coach Belichick, and the players their first to

Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens 
Executive Order:

WELCOME HOME, AYA!
#GodBlessTheUSA

China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they will

No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, &amp; it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!

Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!

A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference

Were going to use American steel, were going to use American labor, we are going to come first in all deals

Failing @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H

A great honor to host the @SuperBowl Champion New England @Patriots at the White House today. Congratulations!

Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension &amp; Improvement Act @ the @WhiteHouse. #S544 
Watch

#BuyAmericanHireAmerican

Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th

Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG R win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!

#BuyAmericanHireAmerican
Watch

Just learned that Jon @Ossoff, who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesnt even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote!

Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp; 2nd A

Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!

The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!

With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote R for lower taxes &amp; safety!

See you tomorrow Wisconsin!

Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area

TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%

The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!

The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!

A great book for your reading enjoyment: REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS by Michael J. Knowles

The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy! So true. @foxandfriends

The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!

Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!

Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!

I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?

Happy Easter to everyone!

Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!

Weekly Address-

It was a great honor to welcome Atlantas heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon!

Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace!

I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A

Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!

One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!

Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst

Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on

Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!

Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea

I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 A.M. @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!

Great Strategic &amp; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEOs from around the United States

Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare &amp; Tax Cuts (Reform)

North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A

I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!

Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach

Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for Americ

Thank you @USNavy! #USA

confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly

So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great

Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!

The reason you dont generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!

Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack

goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade

It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous

It was an honor to host our American heroes from the @WWP #SoldierRideDC at the @WhiteHouse today with @FLOTUS, @VP

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship &amp; to strengthening Americas long-standing support for

Great to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit &amp; optimism - we will deliver!

Thank you Sean McGarvey &amp; the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #NABTU2017

@WhiteHouse #CEOTownHall

It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe

Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project (@WWP) Soldier Ride to the @WhiteHouse on Th

Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship

@FoxNews from multiple sources: There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented. @FBI

Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!

Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?

Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. Spied on before nomination. The real story

Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening, for 
#WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us &amp; #LIUB

The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers

Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck

Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!

Thank you @JCLayfield -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst

not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated. If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S

Wow, @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked

use subsidies to buy health plans. In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems

The failing @nytimes finally gets it - In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to

It is the same Fake News Media that said there is no path to victory for Trump that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!

When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?

We are going to defend our industry &amp; create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put

Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years

It is an exciting time for our country!
#WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch

#ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS

Great meeting with a wonderful woman today, former Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice! #USA

It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark, Lars Lkke Rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @WhiteHouse yes

Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media &amp; Dems, of historic proportion!

Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives

The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits

Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador?
#RepealANDReplace #Obamacare

If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform

If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform

Great op-ed from @RepKenBuck. Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare

The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws?

The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they dont get on the team, &amp; fast. We must fight them, &amp; Dems, in 2018!

Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.
#ThankAVeteran

@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Womens Empowerment  Panel this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse

Todays EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session

If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!

Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!

Why doesnt Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?

A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! 
#MadeInTheUSA
Watch here:

It was an honor to welcome @GLFOP to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence &amp; Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU fo

The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest!

Watch @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia!

Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S.  JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!

The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very  good shape!

The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!

money to Bill, the Hillary Russian reset, praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!

Why isnt the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech

General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore

Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare!

Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Watch @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00 P.M

ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!

Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes!

Today, I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION &amp; 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU

Today, I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A grea

The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!

After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!

It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today!

We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep &amp; tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill

A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends

Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!

Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well

Big day for healthcare. Working hard!

Today on #NationalAgDay, we honor our great American farmers &amp; ranchers. Their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrained

Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation, we support @NASAs scientists, engineers, and astronauts in the

Joined the @HouseGOP Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol.  #PassTheBill #MAGA

Thank you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you Louisville, Kentucky- on my way! #MAGA

Congratulations Eric &amp; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you!

What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?

Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox

The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!

The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp; lost!

James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!

#ICYMI: Weekly Address

vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!

Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes

Great meeting with the @RepublicanStudy Committee this morning at the @WhiteHouse!

The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses Confidence

North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been playing the United States for years. China has done little to help!

Happy L Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!

My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs!

Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!

An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland, @EndaKennyTD to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence

A budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 prioritywithout safety there can be no prosperity:

Thank you Nashville, Tennessee!

In Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA

I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

CEOs most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!

Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!

Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening!

Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!

Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, went to his mailbox and found my tax returns? @NBCNews  FAKE NEWS!

Great optimism in America  and the results will be even better!

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

Meeting w/ Washington, D.C. @MayorBowser and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here

Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S

Healthcare listening session w/ @VP &amp; @SecPriceMD. Watch:  #ReadTheBill:

ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day

It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!

We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!

Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the @WhiteHouse! #MAGA

Honored to meet this years @SenateYouth delegates w/ @VP Pence in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations

U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade

Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!

Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to #MAGA!

Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!

LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015

On International Womens Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp; around the world

I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy

I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!

Dont let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!

I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!

Dont worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 &amp; 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriends

For eight years Russia ran over President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! @foxandfriends

Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!

122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!

Thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing &amp; construction jobs in the USA!

Buy American &amp; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil

There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right nowwere bringing back the JOBS!

45,000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!

Buy American &amp; hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil

President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program

Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!

Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, Tell Vladimir that after the election Ill have more flexibility? @foxandfriends

Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?

Arnold Schwarzenegger isnt voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show

How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!

Id bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!

Is it legal for a sitting President to be wire tapping a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!

Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone

Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my wires tapped in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!

The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it

I hearby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it

We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando

I hear by demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it

We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite!

Weekly Address
Join me here:

It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet

Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! @foxandfriends

is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total witch hunt!

to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story

intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed

Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not

Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!

THANK YOU!

#JointSession #MAGA

Join me live at 9:00 P.M. 
#JointAddress

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!

GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:

Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo

Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare

Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!

For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately &amp; fairly!

The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally rigged. Bernies guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!

Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!

I will not be attending the White House Correspondents Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!

Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse:

Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming!

The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo

Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!

FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesnt tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!

Trump vows to fight epidemic of human trafficking

Going to CPAC!

find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW

The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security leakers that have permeated our government for a long time. They cant even

Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!

Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!

S&amp;P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge

Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonians National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!

One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!

The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!

Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities

Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor, General H.R. McMaster. Video:

Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor

Meeting with Generals at Mar-a-Lago in Florida. Very interesting!

HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!

My statement as to whats happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants &amp; Sweden

Getting ready to leave for Melbourne, Florida. See you all soon!

Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!

Dont believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it

Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!

One of the most effective press conferences Ive ever seen! says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! Dishonest

The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!

The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @CNN, @NBCNews and many more)    is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American people. SICK!

Join me at 11:00am:
Watch here:

General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others

Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!

Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it

Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!

Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule

The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!

FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and sources, is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!

The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!

Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!

Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!

Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner &amp; husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) o

Aetna CEO: Obamacare in Death Spiral #RepealAndReplace

Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!
Tickets:

Welcome to the United States, @IsraeliPM Benjamin &amp; Sara!
#ICYMIJoint Press Conference:

Great listening session with CEOs of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning!

The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by intelligence like candy. Very un-American!

Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?

Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - The NSA &amp; FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is Very serious situation for USA

Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia

This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clintons losing campaign

The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC &amp; @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!

Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace &amp; save healthcare for ALL Americans

Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41

Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with @VP Pence &amp; @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVos. Watch:

The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?

Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect

Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here:

Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEOs &amp; business women from Canadaand th

Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau!

Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce

Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!

Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!

I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasnt interested in taking all of his calls.Hes not smart enough to run for president!

After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L

While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!

72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA &amp; YEMEN

The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers &amp; others are being removed!

#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea

A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!

Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!

Playef golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!

I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!

Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States!

Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!

design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!

I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the

Our legal system is broken! 77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries. (WT)  SO DANGEROUS!

Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinz earlier today

The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14. We spoke at length yesterday!

LAWFARE: Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute. A disgraceful decision!

SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!

Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions!
LIVE:

Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a failure. Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!

long he doesnt know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero

Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! Hes been losing so

Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave service in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!

Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?

Congratulations to our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions!

Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media

Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban 
Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries

Immigration Ban Is One Of Trumps Most Popular Orders So Far

Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS!

Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!

16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won

My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!

Thank you to our great Police Chiefs &amp; Sheriffs for your leadership &amp; service. You have a true friend in the

I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision

If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!

It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!

An honor having the National Sheriffs Assoc. join me at the @WhiteHouse. Incredible men &amp; women who protect &amp; serv

I dont know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!

I dont know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1in terror, no problem!

The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!

The failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!

An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!

The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories &amp; sources!

Will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M

I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!

Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting

What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!

Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor at 4:00 P.M. (prior to the #SuperBowl Pre-game Show) on Fox Network. Enjoy!

I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!

Just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!

The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!

Interview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!

Why arent the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?

Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision

What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost!

The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!

Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in its death &amp; destruction!

When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in &amp; out, especially for reasons of safety &amp;.security - big trouble!

Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!

We must keep evil out of our country!

A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S

Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!

Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!

Iran is playing with fire - they dont appreciate how kind President Obama was to them. Not me!

Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!

Thank you, @Samsung! We would love to have you!

Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion

Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!

Attending Chief Ryan Owens Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!

Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!

If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?

Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!

Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!

Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!

Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all

Join me live from the @WhiteHouse

Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M

When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesnt work!

Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!

The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G

The American dream is back. Were going to create an environment for small business like we havent had in many, ma

Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?

I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)

If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the bad would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad dudes out there!

There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!

protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!

Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,

I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!

Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting:

Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III

The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two

Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!

Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!

Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!

I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!

Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later. #NeverForget

dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST

Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its

The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!

I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you!

Congratulations Secretary Mattis!

Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day:

@VP Mike Pence will be speaking at todays #MarchForLife -- You have our full support!

The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!

Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!

Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!

Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong!

Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!

Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/ @VP, @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan. Th

Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/ @VP, @SenMajLeader, @SpeakerRyan. Th

of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting

The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers

Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!

Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!

@romoabcnews: .@DavidMuir first @POTUS interview since taking office.  Tonight on @ABCWorldNews @ABC2020 tonight

As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people

Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today @DHSgov:

I will be interviewed by @DavidMuir tonight at 10 oclock on @ABC. Will be my first interview from the White House

I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!

even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!

I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and

Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!

If Chicago doesnt fix the horrible carnage going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!

Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN - public is smart!

Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @WhiteHouse today

Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off

Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @WhiteHouse this morning. Together, we will #MAGA!

A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas!

Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!

Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America

Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I dont always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views

Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!

Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didnt these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly

Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!

A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!

THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. TOGETHER, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN

TO ALL AMERICANS

So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain

It is time to remember that

We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN!
#InaugurationDay #MAGA

We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!

The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, its going to be #AmericaFirst

January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again

What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people

power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDay

Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another  but we are transferring

It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!

Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. #Inauguration

Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together, we are going to MAKE AM

Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!
#Inauguration2017

Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!

On my way! #Inauguration2017

the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for

It wasnt Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time! Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham

Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C

Great seeing @TheLeeGreenwood  and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA

Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!

Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday

@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!

No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!

Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string... @WSJ

to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEOs of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!

Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back

Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!

Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!

How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It

thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bushs swearing-in....he doesnt believe Bush is the true elected president. Sound familiar! WP

John Lewis said about my inauguration, It will be the first one that Ive missed. WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he

country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing big stuff

With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our

The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before

People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!

@drgoodspine: @realDonaldTrump @Ivanka Trump is great, a woman with real character and class

At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, cant imagine it will be great!

@levisteveholt: @realDonaldTrump I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency. Very dishonest media!

Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!

much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?

@FoxNews Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand. Oh really, couldnt do

@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!

about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, &amp; when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE. Media should also apologize

Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trumps right to be upset (angry)

For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!

will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!

The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number

Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!

Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!

INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS A COMPLETE FRAUD!  @OANN

mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!

Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to

A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support

The Unaffordable Care Act will soon be history!

have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!

What are Hillary Clintons people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never

released by Intelligence even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!

Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably

It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued

All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!

Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now its onto the House!

@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!

Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaine

James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!

@zhu_amy3: @realDonaldTrump Its Morning in America again!!!  Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!! THANKS!

We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get whats going on

Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to leak into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?

I win an election easily, a great movement is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!

Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!

Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE. Very unfair!

BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims #FakeNews

FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!

Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High

Small business optimism soars after Trump election

U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980

Thank you to all of the men and women who protect &amp; serve our communities 24/7/365! 
#LawEnforcementAppreciationDay

An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan

Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!

Its finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after

groveling when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!

Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never mocked a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him

Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesnt know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a

Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!

Dishonest media says Mexico wont be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!

Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious!

Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!

@FoxNews: We certainly dont want intelligence interfering with politics and we dont want politics interfe

@KellyannePolls: Welcome to President and Mrs. Bush.  
 Very nice!

I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!

Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star

both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!

have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and

Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only stupid people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We

Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!

Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!

Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!

Happy Birthday @EricTrump!

Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!

I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it

Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM

being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich &amp; Hillary

Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got swamped (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for

Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!

and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE

Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the

The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!

So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?

The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia

How did NBC get an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented? Who gave them this report and why? Politics!

Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax

to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against Intelligence when in fact I am a big fan!

The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people

time for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER!

do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning.Keep you doctor, keep your plan! It is

The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they

Jackie Evanchos album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just dont understand the Movement

massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!

like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Dont let the Schumer clowns out of this web

Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases

things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass

Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have hacking defense like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible

Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow

@FoxNews: Julian Assange on U.S. media coverage: Its very dishonest. #Hannity  More dishonest than anyone knows

Julian Assange said a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!

The Intelligence briefing on so-called Russian hacking was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!

I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you

Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America

There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield

Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the worlds great magnet for INNOVATION &amp; JOB CREATION

@DanScavino: Ford to scrap Mexico plant, invest in Michigan due to Trump policies

may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS

With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it

The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable! - And, it is lousy healthcare

People must remember that ObamaCare just doesnt work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it CRAZY

General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!

China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but wont help with North Korea. Nice!

North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It wont happen!

I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I

Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and

@CNN just released a book called Unprecedented which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!

Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor cant do it he must ask for Federal help!

Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

TO ALL AMERICANS-
#HappyNewYear &amp; many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful &amp; prosperous 2017 as we

Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr!

Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just dont know what to do. Love!

Russians are playing @CNN and @NBCNews for such fools - funny to watch, they dont have a clue! @FoxNews totally gets it!

Join @AmerIcan32, founded by Hall of Fame legend @JimBrownNFL32 on 1/19/2017 in Washington, D.C

Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!

My Administration will follow two simple rules:

Economists say Trump delivered hope

not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!

We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but

Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!

The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!

President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!

I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media wont report!

The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!

The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!

President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc

Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!

#MerryChristmas

@FoxNews - Objectified tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!

Happy #Hanukkah

The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!

@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.  Dishonest!

Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity.  So true!

slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?

The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, by Gods will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will

As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th

my presidency. Isnt this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!

My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with

The so-called A list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!

Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!

The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes

Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase DRAIN THE SWAMP was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS

The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont:

I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!

I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!

I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently

Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!

Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!

especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states

Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He doesnt know much

@mike_pence: Congratulations to @RealDonaldTrump; officially elected President of the United States today by the Electoral College!

@Franklin_Graham: Congratulations to President-elect @realDonaldTrump--the electoral votes are in and its official. Thank you Franklin!

We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media)

Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!

If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!

We should tell China that we dont want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!

Thank you Alabama! From now on, its going to be #AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase:

China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act

Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!

@EazyMF_E: @realDonaldTrump Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Thank you!

Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!

Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch:

#ThankYouTour2016 

Tonight- Orlando, Florida 
Tickets: 

Tomorrow- Mobile, Alabama
Tickets:

Well, we all did it, together! I hope the MOVEMENT fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Lets set the all time record!

Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?

Thank you Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here:

Join me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016 
Tickets:

If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?

The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isnt!

Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me Person of the Year - a great honor!

Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!

@BillGates and @JimBrownNFL32 in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys!

Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs, jobs, jobs! Watch:

Join me this Saturday at LaddPeebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama! 
#ThankYouTour2016 

Tickets:

The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments

Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!

I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State

I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!

Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office

Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the

I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning

The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!

#ThankYouTour2016 

Tue: West Allis, WI. 

Thur: Hershey, PA. 

Fri: Orlando, FL. 

Sat: Mobile, AL. 

Tickets:

The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th

Unless you catch hackers in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasnt this brought up before election?

Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!

Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just cant get much worse, although @CNN is right up there!

Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!

Whether I choose him or not for State- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!

I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!

Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!

I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!

October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace @FoxNewsSunday!

A very interesting read. Unfortunately, so much is true

Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS!

As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!

I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!

@RudyGiuliani, one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for State

Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch:

Thank you Louisiana! Get out &amp; vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal

Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls &amp; send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate

THANK YOU IOWA!
#ThankYouTour2016

Join me tomorrow! #MAGA 
10am- Baton Rouge, LA. 
Tickets: 
7pm- Grand Rapids, MI.
Tickets:

On my way to Des Moines, Iowa- will see you soon with @mike_pence. Join us! Tickets:  #ThankYouTour2016

Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed

If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues

Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!

Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm!
#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA

We pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago

I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!

A great night in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here:

Departing New York with General James Mad Dog Mattis for tonights rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina! See you

Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!

Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs

Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm! 
#ThankYouTour2016 
Tickets:

Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!

#ThankYouTour2016 

12/6- North Carolina


12/8- Iowa


12/9- Michiga

If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably, I would have far less reason to tweet. Sadly, I dont know if that will ever happen!

I am thrilled to nominate Dr. @RealBenCarson as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development

their country (the U.S. doesnt tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I dont think so!

Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into

@FoxNews will be re-running Objectified: Donald Trump, the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!

The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!

expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS

these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very

wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but

without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies

fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S

The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,

Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just cant get any worse. Sad

Our great VPE, @mike_pence, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington

State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday

@TigerWoods: Cant wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. TW #heroworldchallenge Great to have you back Tiger - Special!

Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!

Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call

The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!

Thank you Ohio! Together, we made history  and now, the real work begins. America will start winning again!

Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally. 
Join me! Tickets:

Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C

My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!

Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!

Donald Trump is already helping the working class

President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross &amp; Todd Ricketts

Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!
Tickets:

Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!

do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses

great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to

I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my

ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country

Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier

I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!

President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation

President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma

My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!

Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!

I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!

The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!

@CNN is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they dont know what to do

@sdcritic:  @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN There is NO QUESTION THAT #voterfraud did take place, and in favor of #CorruptHillary !

@FiIibuster: @jeffzeleny Pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did not suffer from voter fraud, shame! Bad reporter

@JoeBowman12: @jeffzeleny just another generic CNN part time wannabe journalist !  @CNN still doesnt get it. They will never learn!

@HighonHillcrest: @jeffzeleny what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes? Journalist? Do your job! @CNN

Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!

If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal

Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isnt the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!

states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!

It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--

In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally

Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead. So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad

this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy. She then said, We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --

of position. Then, separately she stated, He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --

during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --

and fair elections. Weve accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -

Hillarys debate answer on delay: That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. Weve had free --

Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change

The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!

The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems

Fidel Castro is dead!

I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!

Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Th

Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!

I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. Ive gotten to know him well--hes a greatly talented person who loves people!

The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!

Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General

President-elect Donald J. Trumps CIA Director Garners Praise

Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years

The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?

Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!

I cancelled todays meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice

Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!

Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!

@transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days

I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!

General James Mad Dog Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true Generals General!

I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?

Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior

The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!

Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!

The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!

I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country

Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!

Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico

My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA

Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me

I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,

The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders

I am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children. This was a typically false news story

Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!

The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!

If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily

The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!

I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!

The @nytimes states today that DJT believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons. How dishonest are they. I never said this!

Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!

Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!

Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!

The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?

Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the Trump phenomena

This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!

Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet

Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!

Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!

Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!

A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!

Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!!

Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before

Watching the returns at 9:45pm. 
#ElectionNight #MAGA

Still time to #VoteTrump! 
#iVoted #ElectionNight

Dont let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!

Just out according to @CNN: Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country

I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!

#ElectionDay

We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Lets continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location:

VOTE TODAY! Go to  to find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again!

TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!

Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now. 
Watch NH rally here:

Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon

Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont:

Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here:

LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!!

Hey Missouri lets defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!

America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider

What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him

Why Trump

I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and  tomorrow!
Watch:

On my way!

Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Starting tomorrow its going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota, Florida!
Watch here:

Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI:

Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA

Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- its our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch

Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT again for everyone! Watch:

Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! 
#ICYMI- watch:

MONDAY - 11/7/2016

Scranton, Pennsylvania at 5:30pm.


Grand Rapids, Michigan at 11pm

Thank you Iowa - Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16!

Van Jones: There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall  It Has to Do With Trade:

Great night in Denver, Colorado- thank you! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
#ICYMI watch rally here:

Thank you Reno, Nevada. 
NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst

Join me live in Reno, Nevada!

JOIN ME TOMORROW!
MINNESOTA  2pm


MICHIGAN  6pm


VIRGINIA  9:30p

#DrainTheSwamp!

Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign All Tactics, No Vision:

Must Act Immediately: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law

Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with @jessebwatters @FoxNews

Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE youve been waiting for your entire life!

Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa, Florida! #ICYMI- watch here:

Join me in Denver, Colorado tonight at 9:30pm: 

NEW- Scranton, Pennsylvania Monday @ 5:30pm:

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you Hershey, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on November 8th &amp; we will #MAGA! #RallyForRiley 
#ICYMI, watch here

Join me in Denver, Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm!
Tickets:

Join me live in Hershey, Pennsylvania! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
LIVE:

The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US

Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch:

Join me live in Wilmington, Ohio!

If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!

ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS, CARTELS &amp; DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE

Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens&amp;save American lives! Watc

Clinton Aides: Definitely Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:

The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice #DrainTheSwamp

Join me today in Wilmington, Ohio at 4pm: 

Tomorrow- Tampa, Florida at 10am:

There is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma, North Carolina!
#ICYMI, watch here

Join me in Wilmington, Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Tickets:

#CrookedHillary is unfit to serve

Thank you Concord, North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th, we are going to Washington, D.C. and we are going t

Watching my beautiful wife, Melania, speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud

Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!

ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesnt work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!

My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina

Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
#ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamp

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days

Thank you Orlando, Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and ch

After decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillarys corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp!

Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election:

It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do. 
#DrainTheSwamp!

Thank you Miami! In 6 days, we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White

Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all

@PYNance: Evangelical women live at #trumptower @pdpryor1 @CissieGLynch @SaysGabrielle

@Ravenrantz: #Billygrahams grand daughter #SupportsTrump   So nice, thank you Cissy Graham Lynch!!!!

Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!

I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!

You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Join me in Florida tomorrow!

MIAMI12pm


ORLANDO4pm


PENSACOLA7p

Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor @ScottWalker! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!

WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to dump emails. 
Time to #DrainTheSwamp!

Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged

Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea Theres Something There

Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats:

Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare:

Kept me out of jail: Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman:

@DarrellIssa is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California

#ICYMI: Governor @mike_pence and I were in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here:

So terrible that Crooked didnt report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!

JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA!

MIAMI12pm


ORLANDO4pm


PENSACOLA7p

Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!

Wow, now leading in @ABC /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!

Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!

Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Watch:

#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail

Thank you Grand Rapids, Michigan! #ICYMI- watch:

$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. #DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;

Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing

Hillarys Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation #DrainTheSwamp

Join me tomorrow in Michigan!

Grand Rapids at 12pm:


Warren at 3pm:

Beautiful rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE! #DrainTheSwamp
Watch rally:

@slh: I follow Mr.Trump at all of his rallies by watching them on  He is a lion-hearted warrior, who inspires hope

Thank you Greeley, CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch:

Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada- I love you! Departing for Greeley, Colorado now. Get out &amp; VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here:

See you tomorrow Michigan!

Grand Rapids, MI tomorrow at noon:


Warren, MI tomorrow at 3pm:

Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!

Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!

We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!

Great day in Colorado &amp; Arizona. Will be in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me!
Tickets:

THANK YOU Phoenix, Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100

So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you!

Departing Golden, CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here: 
Overflow:

#ObamacareFail

Tomorrow!

Las Vegas, NV- 11a: 
Greeley, CO- 4p: 
Albuquerque, NM- 7p:

@DeplorableCBTP: In my mind, #DonaldTrump is the only way out of this mess. - #PhilRobertson of TVs #DuckDynasty   Thank you Phil!

I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!

Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!

TICKETS:
Golden: 
Phoenix:

Thank you Maine, New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to

@piersmorgan: BOMBSHELL: FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClintons email server after new discovery!

Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!

We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp

Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, Israel is depressing. I think Israel is inspiring!

Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!

If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp; Hillarys people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. Bad instincts

Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids, Iowa at 7pm: 

Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm:

@Jmoschetti1363: @Johnatsrs1949 FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, FBI, or (Dallas)police

Thank you Geneva, Ohio. 
If I am elected President, I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countr

Join @TeamTrump on Facebook &amp; watch tonights rally from Geneva, Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #AmericaFirst #MAGA

Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #DrainTheSwamp

@KeithRowland: People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums. @realDonaldTrump Repeal and replace!

I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!

I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. Lets #MAGA

Join me live in Toledo, Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!

Join me in Cedar Rapids, Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! #MAGA

#ICYMI: I agree- To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp with me on 11/8

Thank you Springfield, Ohio. Get out and #VoteTrumpPence16!
#ICYMI - watch here:

Join me live in Springfield, Ohio!

Inside Bill Clinton Inc.: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #DrainTheSwamp!

JOIN ME! #MAGA
TODAY:
Springfield, OH 
Toledo, OH 
Geneva, OH 
FRIDAY:
Manchester, NH 
Lisbon, ME 
Cedar Rapids, IA

I agree, @MMFlint- To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp w/ me on 11/8

Clinton Foundations Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President

Ron Fournier: Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect #CircleOfEnrichment

WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: Theres No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clintons Dishonesty and Scandals

A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?

Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL &amp; REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out &amp; VOTE

Beautiful evening in Kinston, North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonights rally here:

Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina. Great afternoon! #ICYMI - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech:

Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to

JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW!
Springfield-1pm:


Toledo-4pm:


Geneva-7pm

REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!

Thank you Tallahassee, Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out &amp; VOTE!
#ICYMI- watch here:

Thank you Sanford, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16! #ICYMI- watch this afternoons rally here:

REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! 
#ObamaCareInThreeWords

I have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families @ The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday!

Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008. Time to #DrainTheSwamp

Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary cant!
#ObamacareFailed

Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA

Obamacare is a disaster - as Ive been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal &amp; replace! 
#ObamacareFail

#ObamacareFail

Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail

#ObamacareFail

#ObamacareFail

Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again!

Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year:

#Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal &amp; replace!

As election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats:

Record crowd in Tampa, Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA, #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA

Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done!

My contract with the American voter will restore honesty, accountability &amp; CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp

Peter Navarro: Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear #DrainTheSwamp

Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered Donald Duck troll campaign that broke the law

Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida!

Sanford at 3pm:


Tallahassee at 6pm:

THANK YOU St. Augustine, Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now!

Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine, Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Honored to receive an endorsement from @SJSOPIO - thank you! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AG

Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience

Leaving West Palm Beach, Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me:

The Clinton Foundations Most Questionable Foreign Donations
#PayToPlay #DrainTheSwamp

Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE- lets #MAGA! 
EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY:

Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will #DrainTheSwamp!
RASMUSSEN NATIONAL 
Trump 43%
Clinton 41%

We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Dont let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!

Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!

Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!

Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!

Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Officials Wife

Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays #CrookedHillary

Thank you Naples, Florida! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. 
Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Full Naples rally

The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!

#CrookedHillary #PayToPlay

Join me in Naples, Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets:

Remember - get out on November 8th &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp -- this is our last chance!

Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt, Everything They Touch Turns To Molten Lead

Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! 
EDITORIAL: Donald Trump for president  via @reviewjournal

Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesnt happen if Im president!

If you cant run your own house you certainly cant run the White House A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton

Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland, Ohio! Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8.
Watch rally here:

WikiLeaks: Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick

Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House

Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems

Just arrived in Cleveland, Ohio- join Governor @Mike_Pence and I now, LIVE via:

Hillary Clinton: Architect of failure
#DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary

Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland, Ohio

In order to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; create a new GOVERNMENT of, by, &amp; for the PEOPLE, I need your VOTE! Go to  LETS #MAGA!

Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG &amp; our people will be SAFE

Change has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA

Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forums Islamist Money List

Thank you Gettysburg, Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp

Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Will be in Cleveland, Ohio w/ @mike_pence tonight- join us: 

Naples, Florida-tomorrow @ 6pm:

@AZTRUMPTRAIN: I #Voted for DonaldTrump! #Arizona  #Economy #Immigration #Jobs #Veterans #BorderControl #Trade

@jensen4law: Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to @BernieSanders #DNCleak is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE

The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!

Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!

Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be in Cleveland, Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #MAGA
Tickets:

Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets #MAGA! Watch:

#CrookedHillary sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podestas hacked email is unquestionably an OPSEC violation

WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camps work with VERY friendly and malleable reporters 
#DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary

Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says people are more in despair about how things are

{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess, and she knows it. 
#DrainTheSwamp

Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog
Time to #DrainTheSwamp!

VERY IRONIC: In 2010 video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding sensitive information

Great crowd in Johnstown, Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon

A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name 500 different examples of conflicts of interest

#CrookedHillary was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco to Clinton Fdn

Great crowd in Fletcher, North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown, Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8th

The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times

Huma calls it a MESS, the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again.
#DrainTheSwamp

Hillary &amp; Obamas Broken Promises. 
#RepealObamacare

In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR

When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama

Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. Well create 25M jobs when Im president, and I will DELIVER!

Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Dont forget her slog

Trump won the third debate

UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!

TOMORROW
Fletcher, NC @ 12pm. 


SATURDAY
Cleveland, OH @ 7pm

#ICYMI - OHIO RALLY!
Watch here:

On behalf of the entire family, we would truly be honored to have your vote! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #EarlyVote

Want access to Crooked Hillary? Dont forget - its going to cost you!
#DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay

Thank you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country!

If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this, we need to

Why didnt Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary

Thank you America! #MAGA

Rasmussen National Poll
Donald Trump 43%
Hillary Clinton 40%

Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to

Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! 
Watch:

The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:
TRUMP 77% (18,290)
CLINTON 17% (4,100)
#DrainTheSwamp #Debate

Join the MOVEMENT to #MAGA!

Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGA#Debate

That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! #Debates

The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of #AmericanUnity. First, we need to

We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and thats what youll get if you vote for Hillary. #BigLeagueTruth

I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. Thats what Im going to do. #MAGA #debate

HILLARYS HEALTH CARE POLICIES
#DrainTheSwamp #Debate

We have to repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! #DrainTheSwamp

@realDonaldTrump is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! #DrainTheSwamp

ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees, and @HillaryClinton will allow it to happen h

The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp

Together we can save American JOBS, American LIVES, and AMERICAN FUTURES! #Debates

USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate

I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing?
#DrainTheSwamp

After Crooked @HillaryClinton allowed ISIS to rise, she now claims shell defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Heres my plan:

What They Are Saying About @realDonaldTrumps GREAT Debate and @HillaryClintons Bad Performance

Her instincts are suboptimal

I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else shes supported, it was a DISASTER

#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp

Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate

HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. #BigLeagueTruth  
LIBYA
SYRIA
IRAN
IRAQ
ASIA PIVOT
RUSSIAN RESET
BENGHAZI

Hillary says take back Mosul? We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasnt for #CrookedHillary. #DrainTheSwamp

You should give the money back @HillaryClinton! #DrainTheSwamp

Crookeds top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST #DrainTheSwamp  #Debate

LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trumps RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East. #DrainTheSwamp

Crooked @HillaryClintons foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!   #BigLeagueTruth #Debate

Moderator: Respectfully, you wont answer the pay-to-play question. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth

@HillaryClinton loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTONS! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Debates

Shell say anything and change NOTHING! #MAGA #BigLeagueTruth

I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth

Crookeds camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents werent spontaneous - like she claimed in Benghazi!

#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate

Brought to you by @HillaryClinton &amp; her campaign- in Chicago, Illinois. 
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp

@realDonaldTrump will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate

Our country is stagnant. Weve lost jobs and business. We dont make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillarys husband signed and she blessed

Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a c

@HillaryClinton has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? #BigLeagueTruth

#CrookedHillary gives Obama an A for an economic recovery thats the slowest since WWII... #BigLeagueTruth

THE CHOICE IS CLEAR!
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp

I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I cant make a great deal, were going to tear it up. Were going to get this economy running again. #Debate

#CrookedHillarys plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate

This is what we can expect from #CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. #BigLeageTruth #DrainTheSwamp #Debates

#BigLeagueTruth

@HillaryClintons tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE

@HillaryClinton talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. #BigLeagueTruth
#Debates

@HillaryClinton has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will #MakeAmericaStrongAgain #Debate

Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth

@HillaryClinton- you have failed, failed, and failed. #BigLeagueTruth
Time to #DrainTheSwamp!

Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants, but wont even mention radical Islamic terrorists. #Debate

Hey @POTUS - WE AGREE!
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp

Moderator: Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for open borders. Thats a quote! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth

TRUMP &amp; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION
#Debate #BigLeagueTruth

Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history. #Debate

@RealDonaldTrump wants a SAFE America w/ stronger borders, no amnesty, and an END to sanctuary cities. He is

Plain &amp; Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people

One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGA

Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put

Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border, we have no country. Thats why ICE endorsed me. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth

#SecondAmendment #2A
#Debates

@realDonaldTrump is PRO-LIFE, PRO-FAMILY #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016

It is so imperative that we have the right justices. #DrainTheSwamp #Debates#BigLeagueTruth

@HillaryClinton lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth

@realDonaldTrump will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution #Debate #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp

The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth

Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history #debate #DrainTheSwamp

Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGA

This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK! #November8th #BigLeagueTruth #Debate

Tune in at  and get the word out #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Help us spread the TRUTH, stop the

I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonights #debate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

UNBELIEVABLE!
Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times:

Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to #Obamacare

Join my team tonight at 8:30pmE!

I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!

I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp

Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced!

Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician

Join me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #DrainTheSwamp 
Tickets:

Top Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader #DrainTheSwamp

Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times #DrainTheSwamp

State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton #DrainTheSwamp

Scandals surround Clintons gatekeeper at State
#DrainTheSwamp

The State Departments shadow government #DrainTheSwamp

More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton:

It is time to #DrainTheSwamp!

Food Groups  Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender:

#DrainTheSwamp

Time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C. and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/2016. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE

Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp

Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server #DrainTheSwamp

Trump rally disrupter was once on Clintons payroll

Thank you Colorado Springs. If Im elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count

FL, KS, ME, MD, MN, NJ, OR &amp; WV! Its the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at

It is time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C! Vote Nov. 8th to take down the #RIGGED system!

Hillarys Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks:

Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote!

If we let Crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. #DrainTheSwamp

Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp

I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first, Im going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC

@THEREALMOGUL: 41% of American voters believe the  election could be stolen from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico

Great night in WI. Im going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO

Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C

EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey Stood In The Way Of Clinton Email Investigation:

Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clintons pay to play guide:

Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election:

My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!

I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!

Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team:

Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #MAGA 
Tickets:

Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. Its a #RiggedSystem! Our country d

New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught

Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash

State Department official accused of offering quid pro quo in Clinton email scandal

Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islami

Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44

CORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered quid pro quo to cover up classified emails

Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?

Unbelievable

BREAKING: State Departments Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents

WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED!

We have all got to come together and win this election. We cant have four more years of Obama (or worse!)

Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!

@RosieGray: Peter Thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of Trump

@PrisonPlanet: Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April! This is all yet another hoax.  Terrible

@MarkSimoneNY: Watch Joe Bidens Long History Of Grabbing, Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing:

Cant believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!

ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!  @NCGOP

Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP

Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows quid pro quo in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch!

Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!

Paul Ryan, a man who doesnt know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc

The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!

Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday!
Green Bay- 6pm

Colorado Springs- 1pm

The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted... -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty

The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD

Weve all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama!

Hillarys staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security?

A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT!

They let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable!

Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!

Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!

Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!

@davidshiloach: @realDonaldTrump Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!

Thank you for sharing Amy

A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA

Thank you Bangor, Maine! Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT A

The failing @nytimes reporters dont even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!

Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!

The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime

Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country

The truth is a beautiful weapon

Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on&amp;delivers the b

Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election

Will be in Bangor, Maine today at 3pm- join me! #MAGA
Tickets:

This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!

100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!

Thank you @TrumpWomensTour!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all

Make sure youre registered to vote! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! We cant afford more years of FAILURE! All info:

Thank you for your support Greensboro, North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! #MAGA

WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGNS ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY:

Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace &amp; war. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA

Join me live in Cincinnati, Ohio!
#TrumpRally #MAGA

Join me in Greensboro, North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #TrumpRally

Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. Ive been saying this for years- disaster!

This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim c

Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!
OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL
Trump 42% 
Clinton 41%

Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon

I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!

Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst

Join me in Ohio &amp; Maine!
Cincinnati, Ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm: 
Bangor, Maine - Saturday @ 3pm

The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!

Why didnt the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the incident in her story. Because it did not happen!

I will be in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #OhioVotesEarly #VoteTrumpPence16 
Tickets:

The MOVEMENT in Lakeland, Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP @  &amp;

The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obamas Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored

PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. 
#CrookedHillary

Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!

Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didnt she do them?

Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp;

Join me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio!
West Palm Beach, FL at noon:

Cincinnati, OH this 7:30pm:

Wow, @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp; CNN FRAUD!

Thank you Texas! If you havent registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to:  &amp; get ou

VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at:  and get out to

DONT LET HER FOOL US AGAIN

Crookeds State Dept gave special attention to Friends of Bill after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable!

I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run

In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!

The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!

13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL, OH, PA, MI, GA, TX, NM, IN, LA, TN, AR, KY, SC.

Register:

Wow. Unbelievable

Disloyal Rs are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They dont know how to win - I will teach them!

With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!

It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to

Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty

Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!

Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- together,

Is this really America? Terrible!

Wow, @CNN got caught fixing their focus group in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!

Debate polls look great - thank you!
#MAGA #AmericaFirst

CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased

Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee

Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!

Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:
Eliminate excessive regulations! 
Lean government!
Lower taxes!
#Debates

Hypocrite: @HillaryClinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth

Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate

@AC360: How can you unite a country if youve written off tens of millions of Americans? #Deplorables #BigLeagueTruth #Debate

This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate

We agree @POTUS-

SHELL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp; CHANGE NOTHING. ITS TIME TO TURN THE PAGE -President Obama

If @HillaryClinton is president, shell be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth

FACT  on red line in Syria: HRC I wasnt there. Fact: line drawn in Aug 12. HRC Secy of State til Feb 13

In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruth

We cannot let this evil continue! #Debates2016

This is the definition of ransom

The world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when America is strongest

Here are Hillary Clintons accomplishments at the State Department.
#Debates2016 #RattledHillary

History lesson: Theres a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one, his nickname is Hone

Were going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. Shes raising your taxes and Im lowering your taxes!

YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION
@HillaryClinton #Debates2016

Hypocrite! @HillaryClinton claims she needs a public and a private stance in discussions with Wall Street banks. #Debate

I hope when the MSM runs its interruption counters they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com

@HillaryClinton - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! #Debates2016

@HillaryClinton #ICYMI- WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT.
@Mike_Pence #MAGA

#CrookedHillary has FAILED all over the world!  
#BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016

@HillaryClinton is NOT above the law!
#Debates2016

@HillaryClinton : Bill clarified what he meant when calling Obamacare a disaster. Actually disaster is pretty clear. #Debate

We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #MAGA

Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016

ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates

Hillarys 33,000 deleted emails about her daughters wedding. Thats a lot of wedding emails. #debate

Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary

If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc theres never been anything like your lies

Donald J. Trumps History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruth

Theres never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons actions were far worse

Im not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruth

Its this simple. Make America Great Again. #debate #BigLeagueTruth

My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonights #debate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Join me on #FacebookLive as I conclude my final #debate preparations

The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued:

Exclusive VideoBroaddrick, Willey, Jones to Bills Defenders: These Are Crimes, Terrified of Enabler Hillary

LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary:

So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!

@HenryLeledog: @realDonaldTrump This Black Democrat is on the TRUMP TRAIN!!

@maidaa17: @realDonaldTrump GOP traitors! Not supporting U is voting for her, destroying America

@CharleneOsbor17: @realDonaldTrump politicians dont count. Its the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House

@eericmyers: @realDonaldTrump  Republican leadership should have only one job: Help elect the nominee we voted for, Donald J. Trump

@Jodygirl1010: @realDonaldTrump I am a woman who continues to support &amp; stand with #Trump! #dtmag  Thank you

EXCLUSIVE  Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:

Tremendous support (except for some Republican leadership). Thank you

Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!

The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA

Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!

Here is my statement

Thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors, and listen

@kevcirilli: Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 12/1. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee

New National Rasmussen Poll:

Thank you Tennessee! #MAGA

VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16!

Donald Trump: A President for All Americans

Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful

New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back  BIGGER, and BETTER, and S

Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!
Ambridge: 
Wilkes-Barre:

Nations Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:

Such a great honor!

Amazing rally in Reno, Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. Together, we will put

Reuters polling just out- thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN  check w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!

Small business says Trump is their pick for president

Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!

Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is crazy, doesnt work and doesnt make sense.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth

Thank you Henderson, NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page:

About to begin a rally here in Henderson, Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:

Beautiful morning- thank you @ICLV!

The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!

Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!

@AnyoneTennis: @timkaine Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #Pence vs the other guy...so obvious @FoxNews  So true!

@Gsimmons03Ginny: @realDonaldTrump ..Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!

Clintons Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department: 
#VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth

@FLifeforce: @_CFJ_ @vine That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for @realDonaldTrump

@HillaryClintons Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk:  #VPDebate
#BigLeagueTruth

CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:
 #VPDebate

CLINTONS CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY:
 #VPDebate

Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:
 #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate

@timkaine is wrong for defense: 
 
#BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate

ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED

@timkaine is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth

CLINTONS FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE:
 #VPDebate

@mike_pence and I will defeat #ISIS.
 #VPDebate

WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE DOMINATING THE DEBATE:
 #VPDebate

I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate 

Police officers are the best of us...
@Mike_Pence

@HillaryClinton Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.
 
#VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth

@GeeVeeM: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine

@timkaine oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179,249 while @mike_pence DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113,826

@aldonturnaolco1: @FrankLuntz @marthamaccallum @realDonaldTrump good!!

@bcuzimdamomma: @FreeDavidKing No she only gets #Americans killed #Benghazi - we need @realDonaldTrump #MAGA

@ifdanyt: @realDonaldTrump Loving @mike_pence hes so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!

@carol_lcnixon67: @realDonaldTrump Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks

@ARSenMissyIrvin: I want a youre fired president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax $s. @realDonaldTrump

@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest!

@TeamTrump: .@mike_pence &amp; @realDonaldTrump are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!

@Jnelson52722: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies

@elisac006: @nycmia @realDonaldTrump I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!

@bigdog_joey: @realDonaldTrump @timkaine is so angry. Our @mike_pence looks great. kaine cant defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagain

@Susiesentinel: #pence is so much more likeable than Kaine #cbsnews @realDonaldTrump

@lainey34210: @realDonaldTrump Great opening Pence

@RoadkingL: @mike_pence Wow, Kaine couldnt go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi

@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time

Both are looking good! Now we begin!

Here we go - Enjoy!

I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Wow, @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. Im turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great

Wow, did you just hear Bill Clintons statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!

Join the MOVEMENT!

Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE

My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. #AmericaFirst means

I will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!

Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Tickets:

Join me in Reno, Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGA
Tickets:

Thank you Colorado! #MAGA

We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth

Thank you Pueblo, Colorado! 
#TrumpRally #AmericaFirst

Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA 
Tickets:

Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!

Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world

Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters

@trumplican2016: .@realDonaldTrump  There will be MASSIVE turnout for you,  Mr. Trump - These polls dont register the pulse of the PEOPLE!

I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!

I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimes

Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Wow, just saw the really bad @CNN ratings. People dont want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary

The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didnt they fix it?

I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided spin that followed. This despite the really bad microphone

Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians, HRC is not with you

I believe in #AmericaFirst and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas

Thank you Novi, Michigan! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain

Join me in Pueblo, Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! #TrumpRally

For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three oclock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!

Why isnt Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe its the email scandal, policies that spread ISIS, or calling millions of

The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!

Remember, dont believe sources said by the VERY dishonest media. If they dont name the sources, the sources dont exist

Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?

Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con

Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an angel without checking her past, which is terrible!

Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying sources said, DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!

Wow, did you see how badly @CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like @donlemon, who could expect any more?

While Hillary profits off the rigged system, I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney

Thank you for joining me this afternoon, New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoney
Speech transcript:

Join me in Manheim, Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! #TrumpRally
Tickets:

My condolences to those involved in todays horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders

Will be in Novi, Michigan this Friday at 5:00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at:

Join me in Bedford, New Hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. Cant wait to see everyone! #AmericaFirst #MAGA

Thank you Waukesha, Wisconsin! 
Full transcript of my speech, #FollowTheMoney:

Joining @oreillyfactor from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!

Join me live in Waukesha, Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! #AmericaFirst #MAGA

Thank you Council Bluffs, Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just

An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou 
Video:

Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres

Join me in Council Bluffs, Iowa- today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Tickets:

Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!

My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record:

Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Tha

Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa! Tickets:

Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today!

Hillary Clintons Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure:

CNBC, Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate via @WashTimes. #MAGA

Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou

In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and were still going! Thank you America! #MAGA

Well, now theyre saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!

Thank you for your endorsement, @GovernorSununu. #MAGA

Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!
#AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYou

U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015 via @WSJ:

Thank you! #TrumpWon #MAGA

Hillarys been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change

True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch

The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!

I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched @CNN poll

How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats

I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasnt she done them in her last 30 years?

Great debate poll numbers - I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!

Thank you! Four new #DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN

@DRUDGE_REPORTs First Presidential Debate Poll:
Trump: 80%
Clinton: 20%
Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!

Thank you! CNBC #DebateNight poll with over 400,000 votes. 
Trump 61%
Clinton 39%
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou

TIME #DebateNight poll - over 800,000 votes. Thank you! 
#AmericaFirst #MAGA

@newtgingrich just said a historic victory for Trump. NICE!

Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for @CNN - which I dont watch). Thank you!

Thank you Governor @TerryBranstad! 
#AmericaFirst #Debates2016

Thank you Governor @Mike_Pence!
Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. 
#AmericaFirst

Thank you Senator @TedCruz!
#Debates2016 #MAGA

@HillaryClintons Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment #DebateNight

Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenight

@HillaryClinton - Obama #ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat #DebateNight

Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, @HillaryClinton

Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. 
LIBYA
SYRIA
IRAN
IRAQ
ASIA PIVOT
RUSSIAN RESET
BENGHAZI

Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War. #Debates2016 #MAGA

@HillaryClintons 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obamas Heritage #DebateNight

I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans! #Debates2016 #MAGA

This is the simple fact about @HillaryClinton: she is a typical politician - all talk, no action. #Debates2016

HILLARYS BAD TAX HABIT!

A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #DebateNight

@HillaryClinton has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? #Debates2016

Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the worlds great magnet for innovation and job creati

@HillaryClinton channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #TPP #Debates2016

@HillaryClinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years

Why isnt Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?
#DebateNight

My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!
#DebateNight #TrumpPence16

New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:  
#TrumpTrain

Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the King, has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed

Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!

Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:

Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M

Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!

Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!

Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!
Sign up: 
#AmericaFirst

If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!

Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets:

@KellyannePolls: Trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes

The @SenTedCruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th

Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA

Crooked Hillarys bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!

Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at:

How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy

Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers &amp; sm. biz, by saying shell tax estates at 65%

Tomorrows the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA

Spoke with Governor @PatMcCroryNC of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances

This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
SIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN!

Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! #MAGA

Will be on @foxandfriends now

I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on @seanhannity - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!

@ThAllenSBoucher: @DiamondandSilk @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity I love those beautiful gals. D + S = Two amazing women!

@YoungDems4Trump  Thank you!

Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!

Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE

Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership

The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again

It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAF

Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a

Thank you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us together

Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!

Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!

Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning

Thank you Nevada! #AmericaFirst
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you Georgia! #AmericaFirst
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change

Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at

Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst

I will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!

Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton Blew The Police Off

Hillary Clintons weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:

Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?

Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we dont have a country!

@TarukMatuk: @CNN @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @RogerRice10 Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted

@AngPiazza: @foxandfriends  @realDonaldTrump hes the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!

Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 A.M.  Enjoy

Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!

Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!

HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!!

I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC

Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama

Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good

My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting

The failing @nytimes has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!

Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes, pretends she knows me well--wrong!

Wacky @NYTimesDowd, who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!

@CNN just doesnt get it, and thats why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!

I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!

Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!

My thoughts and prayers go out to the @PhillyPolice &amp; @Penn police officers- in Philadelphia

Donald Trumps birther event is the greatest trick hes ever pulled

A very interesting take from @KatiePavlich:

Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them

Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!

Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will #MAGA. Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget!

I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes

I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement

Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon! #AmericaFirst

@AK_TWEET: #TheDonalds hair gets the #JimmyFallon treatment on #TheTonightShow #TrumpPence16   So true!

@jimmyfallon: Tonight: @realDonaldTrump, @normmacdonald, a performance by Kiiara,and your funniest #MyTeacherIsWeird tweets. #FallonTonight

Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLDS great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation!

Will be joining @jimmyfallon on @FallonTonight at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!

I will be interviewed by @jessebwatters on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!

Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York. #MAGA

Thank you @JerryJrFalwell!

Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! #LESM #MAGA

Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. #MAGA

Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!

@ghfanlovessonny: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016 Thank you!

I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!

Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. #MAGA #AmericaFirst

Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:

Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful @bishopwtjackson in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy!

Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm:

Thank you Florida- cant wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:

Thank you @ATFD17! #ImWithYou
Video:

Great poll Florida - thank you! 
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst

Thank you Ohio - see you tonight!

Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldnt know this and why does Obama get a free pass?

Why isnt President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?

Thank you Rep. @CynthiaLummis!

Thank you Rep. @MarshaBlackburn!

Thank you @RepReneeEllmers!

CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Transcript:

#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst

Thank you Clive, Iowa!

Join us today! Together, we will 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tickets:

Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Tickets:

@brimyers813: Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success

Just got back from Asheville,  North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!  #MAGA

Stopped by @TrumpDC to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work!

Will be on @CNBC at @7:22. Enjoy!

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M

#NeverForget

The seriously failing @nytimes, despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!

Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!

While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!

Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!

Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!

Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!

@Stvzbnk: Just Watched @tonyschwartz. Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job @realDonaldTrump

Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible

I havnt seen @tonyschwartz in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!

Dummy writer @tonyschwartz, who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!

Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:  
#AmericaFirst

Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida

Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful @gov_gilmore of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou

Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed @CNN announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!

Jeff Zucker failed @NBC and he is now failing @CNN

@CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. They
are a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign

The documentary of me that @CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I dont even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!

Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA

It wasnt Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail

More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. 
#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain

Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou

With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted

Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Pea Nieto

Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS

Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. Shes being decimated by the media!

A rough night for Hillary Clinton  ABC News

Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!

COMING UP @GenFlynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriends

Thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night

Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls!

Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!

Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst

Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!

#AmericaFirst!

Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll #AmericaFirst #MAGA

@adhd_fa:Kudos to @PARISDENNARD for standing up to CNNs attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending @realDonaldTrump #media bias

I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pmE @FoxNews. Enjoy!

Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp; #VoteTrump on 11/8/2016!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by @IvankaTrump, @LaraLeaTrump, @GenFlynn &amp; @MayorRGiuliani

Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans. #ImWithYou

Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm! #VoteTrump

Thank you! #VoteTrump #ImWithYou

Mainstream media never covered Hillarys massive hacking
or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. Whats up?

@Ler: Message for undecided voters: Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! Trump/Pence very important save our America before too late!

Thank you! #AmericaFirst

As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP

China wouldnt provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama the son of a whore. Terrible!

The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!

Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst

Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst

Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting @Mike_Pence &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA

#LaborDay #AmericaFirst
Video:

Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac!

President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!

@OSPREY675: @Miami4Trump I followed you because you are a patriot &amp; support @realDonaldTrump, as do I. #MAGA by sticking together

@tweak626: Im at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas...and everyone is a @realDonaldTrump fan. Love it

@ronnieclemmons: @ChrisCJackson @TakouiS @realDonaldTrump  Trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big

@lblackvelvet: @realDonaldTrump We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!

@CherNuna: @realDonaldTrump It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then its this, then its that

Lyin Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the C markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?

To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE T

The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?

The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!

The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as @JeffFlake, if it is going to stop illegal immigration

@AnneBellar: @realDonaldTrump @CNN CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!

Crooked Hillarys V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!

Wow, the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on Crookeds FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source

@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals

Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all @CNN talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!

I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday, 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me!

Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!

#ImWithYou

#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou

Great new poll Iowa - thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou

I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!

People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!

Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!

I will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. Enjoy!

I am promising you a new legacy for America. Were going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou

Thank you for having me this morning @AmericanLegion. I enjoyed my time with everyone! #ALConvention2016

Poll numbers way up - making big progress!

Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!

Mexico will pay for the wall!

Under a Trump administration, its called #AmericaFirst! #ImWithYou

Hillary Clinton doesnt have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst

There will be no amnesty!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou

Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou

Just arrived in Arizona! #ImWithYou

Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting

Hillary Clinton didnt go to Louisiana, and now she didnt go to Mexico. She doesnt have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the f bomb

Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst

I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow

Thank you North Carolina! #MAGA

Thank you America! #MAGA

@meequalsfree: Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house! @realDonaldTrump  @mike_pence

From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!

Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon! #ImWithYou
Tickets:

Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYou
Tickets:

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou

We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #Obamacare!

#CrookedHillary

Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!

Crooked Hillarys brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT

Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere

@PMNOrlando: @realDonaldTrump I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank)  &amp; she still has room

@RhondaR: Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling @cnn you know racism &amp; its not DonaldTrump  via @BreitbartNews

@Patrici: Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron, Ohio is a Sea of Women, Minorities, Independents, Dems  via @gatewaypundit

Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!

Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!

I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue

I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?

Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity

Thank you Arizona! #VoteTrump

Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets:

@LindaHarden: @realDonaldTrump America loves Trump and @mike_pence -- praying for you every day. Stay strong. #TrumpPence2016 #NeverHillary

NATIONAL DEBT 
January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLION
August 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION

It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery

Thank you Iowa! #ImWithYou

Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator @JoniErnst. Look forward to being with all of my friends

My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers

Dwyane Wades cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!

@GoldJazz559: #BlackMenForBernie Leader: #Hillary2016 No Regard For Black Race  via @dailycaller #BlacksForTrump

@DiamondandSilk: Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. @CNN, she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor

Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!

New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.
 #ImWithYou

Join us via our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16

Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou

Thank you @TeamTrump Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

I will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle 
at 7pm on @FoxNews. #Enjoy!

Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat:

Meet the Trumpocrats: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President:

Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery #CrookedHillary

How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth SUPER PREDATORS - Has she apologized?

I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve

Wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!

What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!

Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities

The Clintons are the real predators

@Lewenskimo: Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!

Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign. #FlashbackFriday

@DonaldJTrumpJr: Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner  via dailycaller

@foxnation: Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as Friend and Mentor:

CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. 
Full speech transcript:

Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!

HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument!

Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!

Hillary Clintons short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!

Just watched recap of #CrookedHillarys speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!

So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise

Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida @CNN Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!

@Trump_Videos: .@Nigel_Farage of the #brexit fame - We CAN do this! We can #MAGA with @realDonaldTrump

Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!

Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership

Will be on #Hannity @ 10pE @FoxNews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #BuildTheWall &amp; enforce our laws!

Thank you for your support!
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou

A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16

New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain

My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar

Thank you Travis County, Texas!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on @SeanHannity at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy!

In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down!

Join me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets:

President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!

Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was absolutely no connection between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!

It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!

I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a @FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!

The @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Dont buy, boring!

@AnnCoulters new book, In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying its terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!

Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas

Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio

Statement on Clinton Foundation:

Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!

Some day, when things calm down, Ill tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!

Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning,  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!

@realbill2016: @realDonaldTrump @Brainykid2010 @shl Trump leading LA Times poll

@Brainykid2010: @shl @realDonaldTrump The ad was actually very good!

@55Lidsville:  #TeamTrump @KellyannePolls You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HCs 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K

@SinAbunz_TM: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!  #MAGA #TrumpPence16

@Jimbos2002:  @Morning_Joe Video: Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel

I heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!

Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!

I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!

Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!

@EyeCandyTMGayle: @realDonaldTrump please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful  Good!

@J58golf: @realDonaldTrump been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!

We will bring America together as ONE country again  united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA

Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16

Will be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!

Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!

Thank you @JerryJrFalwell- will see you soon. #TrumpPence16

@CatOnGlass: 200,000 new followers for @realDonaldTrump. From 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, All in the last ten days or so! #MAGA #AlwaysTrump

@Franklin_Graham @BillyNungesser @SamaritansPurse- so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers

We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.
#StandWithLouisiana

#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!

Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16

Great job by @EricTrump on interview with @BillHemmer on @FoxNews. #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain

Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night

The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper

Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI

We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up

Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

#CrookedHillary #ThrowbackThursday

They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!

I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @seanhannity - @FoxNews

Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

We are going to make this a government of the people once again!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou

We will repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare, which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster!

A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, &amp; lost opportunities. #ImWithYou

#MakeAmericaSafeAgain #ImWithYou

Thank you Governor @ScottWalker &amp; @GOP Chairman @Reince Priebus. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou

Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #ImWithYou 
Tickets:

#LawandOrder #ImWithYou
Video:

#LawandOrder #ImWithYou
Transcript:

Will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....
Cont:

This is my pledge to the American people:

Its just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%

Another health insurer is pulling back due to persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans. Only the beginning!

#AmericasMerkel

CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION

#MakeAmericaSafeAgain

Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!

Stay on message is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!

I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!

It is not freedom of the press when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!

I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!

Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!

My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm

If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didnt put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%

The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said

The failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!

@zulu_out: You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #USA Loves U Thanks

@PaulaDuvall2: Were all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T.! Youve inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you! Nice

@need2knowu:  @willspeakout yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!

We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres

@willspeakout: Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you! #TrumpTrain Thanks

I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!

The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!

Will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm, hosted by @GovMikeHuckabee. Enjoy!

Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA

We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Lets Make America Great Again!

The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst

Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

Im with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country.  We must put #AmericaFirst

ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clintons term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!

I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They cant!

A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clintons agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!

@laurencristmann: Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with @C_Lynne_Ryan your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm

Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) the founder of ISIS, &amp; MVP. THEY DONT GET SARCASM?

Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

@EnemyWithinn: @realDonaldTrump @elsolarverde @nytimes People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump. That would indeed be nice!

@elsolarverde: THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST @realDonaldTrump TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton

@SheriffClarke:  Everything coming from this administration is a lie. Only @realDonaldTrump will change it

I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Lets Make America Great Again!

Will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!

This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing @CNN turns everyone off. The American people get it!

Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber

Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest

@DSF2020: Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Thank you Abingdon, Virginia! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by low ratings @CNN

Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MAGA

I will be interviewed on @greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!

My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESM

Morning Joes weakness is its low ratings. I dont watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad &amp; irrelevant!

@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock

@dbongino: Now cut off my mic! Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd Amendment  HEATED!

Media desperate to distract from Clintons anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!

When is the media going to talk about Hillarys policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?

Thank you Senator @ChuckGrassley! #TrumpPence16

Thank you @SenatorFischer! #TrumpPence16

Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC

Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC

Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC

Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC

Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC

Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC

@LinHen23:  @foxandfriends Loved Trumps answers to voters questions this morning! Trumps economic plan will help #MAGA #NeverHillary

@sprts08: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016

I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!

Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!

Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!

As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat

Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clintons hacked emails

Thank you Newt!

Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo!

Thank you Senator David Perdue!

Thank you @RepLouBarletta!

Thank you @NFIB- together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Thank you!

Thank you Alex!

My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!

Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at:

#ICYMI: Will Media Apologize to Trump?

Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!

The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, the baby and so much more. Very dishonest!

I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!

Thank you Windham, New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA

@Larry_Kudlow - Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate

I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!

#CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16

Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!

LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today!

LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today!

Anybody whose mind SHORT CIRCUITS is not fit to be our president! Look up the word BRAINWASHED

Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she SHORT CIRCUITED when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!

Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!

Good luck #TeamUSA
#OpeningCeremony #Rio2016

Trump is right about violent crime: Its on the rise in major cities

Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA

DONT LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!
#TrumpPence16

Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor @Mike_Pence and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain

The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst

Im with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!

#MakeAmericaSafeAgain

As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!

The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst

Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Lets Make America Great Again!

As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!

The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst

Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Lets Make America Great Again!

I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Lets Make America Great Again!

As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!

The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst

We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Lets Make America Great Again!

Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Lets Make America Great Again!

As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!

The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst

We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Lets Make America Great Again!

Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Lets Make America Great Again!

Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President

The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!

President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I wont dodge questions as your President

Obamas disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!

President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie

See you tomorrow w/ Gov. @Mike_Pence, Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! 
3pm- 
7pm-

Thank you Portland, Maine! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you @USCG! #CoastGuardDay

Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine, thank you! @MaineGOP

Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us! #MAGA

Thank you Jacksonville, Florida!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou

Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida! #LESM #MAGA

THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!

There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!

Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!

My daughter @IvankaTrump will be on @Greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!

Report raises questions about Clinton Cash from Russians during reset

President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!

#ICYMI: John Podestas Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putins Uranium Company:

#CrookedHillary

Join me in Florida tomorrow! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 

Daytona | 3pm- 


Jacksonville | 7pm-

STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMAS FAILED LEADERSHIP:

Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou

LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today!

LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today!

LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today!

The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow!

Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia!

Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA

Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!

Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words, very much appreciated

Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:

Daytona | 3pm- 
Jacksonville | 7pm-

During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They dont want them heard

When will CNN do a segment on Hillarys plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?

Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam

Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN

Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA

Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA

Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou

People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....thats really saying something!

The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life

Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?

When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillarys pay-for-play at State Department?

CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs

CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton

Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at:

#CrookedHillary

So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. Thats what I said!

When I said in an interview that Putin is not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down, I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!

This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!

Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!

Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing @nytimes is a joke. @CNN is laughable!

@RealJamesWoods:  Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldnt stand a chance. #VoterFraud and #MSM her only hope

The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?

I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!

Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our leaders to eradicate it!

We crushed the original goal! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal!

Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!

Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS

Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNews

NATO commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer:

Wow, NATOs top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!

The Rust Belt was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!

Crookeds stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP

#CrookedHillary = Obamas third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below

Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?

I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!

Why doesnt the media want to report that on the two Big Thursdays when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republicans won ratings

#CrookedHillary

Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!

Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities

I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal!

Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!

While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join @Mike_Pence in Nevada on Mon!

Carson City: 

Reno:

Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio &amp; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA

3pm in OH: 

7pm in PA:

American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  American Dream!

We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not

Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, 
NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes

Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country

@patrioticpepe: @realDonaldTrump ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMAS MISTAKES!!! #Trump2016

Thank you Denver, Colorado! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

As usual, Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!

#CrookedHillary Job Application

Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts

Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM

Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November!

Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal

Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD!

Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!

Colorado Springs: 

Denver:

What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton

I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!

Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!

In Hillary Clintons America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16

The dishonest media didnt mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crookeds speech. He wishes he didnt make that deal!

Thank you! 

Facebook: 

Instagram:

Crooked Hillary said that I couldnt handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign. Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!

If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldnt get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #NeverHillary

Little Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!

General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD  #NeverHillary

Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!

Join @mike_pence at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets:

@AnnCoulter: I believe in science Dem code for were shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing

CAMPAIGN STATEMENT:

Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!

Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and forgot to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!

The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!

No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes

Hillarys wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world

Hillarys vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety

Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!

Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words

Hillarys refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country

I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal!

Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT!

I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal!

#CrookedHillary

As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!

Dems warn not to underestimate Trumps potential win

Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with @JerryJrFalwell joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA

Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton

A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees

AMERICAS FUTURE

Bernie caved!

@LallyRay: Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart  @realdonaldtrump  Great!

President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesnt exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC

@trumplican2016: @realDonaldTrump @DavidWohl stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE

@DavidWohl: Barack is offended that @realDonaldTrump will demand that #NATO allies pay their fair share. #DemsInPhilly

Our country does not feel great already to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair

Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!

Join me live in Toledo, Ohio!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

#CrookedHillary

Thank you Pennsylvania!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

As President, I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it most

Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA

Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far

Great new poll - thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clintons 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!

Join our next Vice President, @Mike_Pence in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!

MI: 
WI:

Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic

Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to carpet bomb the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!

Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!

Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!

The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!

Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said Trump is a genius. America 1st!

As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv

Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP

Many of Bernies supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?

I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!

No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!

You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly

Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia

In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!

Dems dont want to talk ISIS b/c Hillarys foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here

Bernies exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!

The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!

Thank you New Hampshire! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Join us in Toledo, Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
Tickets:

Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm!
#TrumpPence16 #MAGA 
Tickets:

Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch

Why arent the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great

Funny, if you listen to @FoxNews, the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference

Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time

Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!

Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs

If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself

I was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!

Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!

While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers

Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War

Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16

Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! #TrumpPence16

MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People dont want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA

The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!

Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!

Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!

Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her servant was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, thats all! They laughed at Bernie

If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same

Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!

How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!

The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me

Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix Americas problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!

The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!

The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, shes out!

The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!

Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I dont believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!

Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out

If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild

The @CNN panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Dont watch CNN!

I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!

Today proves what I have always known, that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)

Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just cant go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!

There is no longer a Bernie Sanders political revolution. He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!

An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates

Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!

Wow, President Obamas brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!

Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT

The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#TrumpPence16

@NancyNielsenn: @realDonaldTrump Dinesh DSousa Hillarys America. see it

@OliMauritania: @realDonaldTrump Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals  #HillaryKaine2016

Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!

The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!

Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They dont look presidential to me!

I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People havent had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!

Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!

Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!

Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA

Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED

Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasnt chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!

Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!

The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?

@Theresa_Cali: @realDonaldTrump General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain

I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam

Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didnt get indicted while Bob M did?

Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich

One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRove

Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!

What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!

MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #RNCinCLE

FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16

You can watch 360 video live from the podium!  #RNCinCLE #TrumpIsWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE

Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!

Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr. Proud of you! #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence2016

Weve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT!

Weve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT!

Great job @IvankaTrump! #RNCinCLE

Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!

Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!

Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesnt say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!

I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!

Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you!
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Arena was packed, totally electric!

@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P

Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov. @Mike_Pence!
#GOPinCLE #GOPConvention
#AmericaFirst

Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didnt honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!

Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you! 
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE

Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!

Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!

Thank you @ScottWalker! #AmericaFirst 
#RNCinCLE

#TextTrump88022 for exclusive @realDonaldTrump updates!  We will Make America Great Again!

Thank you to Governor @ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!

Thank you @IngrahamAngle! #AmericaFirst

#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE

Watching the #GOPConvention
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE

John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!

URGENT: weve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. Please stand with us!

STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH

The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melanias speech than the FBI spent on Hillarys emails

Good news is Melanias speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!

In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!

Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years

Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!

Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!

The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!

#MakeAmericaWorkAgain 
#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE

#MakeAmericaWorkAgain
#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE

@RoxaneTancredi:  Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people

It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention

Will be on @OreillyFactor tonight at 8:30pm @FoxNews- prior to Melanias speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE

#MakeAmericaSafeAgain!
#GOPConvention #RNCinCLE

Networks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!

@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!

Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!

Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain

President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesnt have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!

Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!

@60Minutes: DonaldTrump and his running mate @Mike_Pence to appear on #60Minutes in first joint interview. CBS

I will be on @60Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!

We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching

We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to

The ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. Thats because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people dont like

@FoxNews is much better, and far more truthful, than @CNN, which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I dont watch

If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didnt lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H

I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!

It doesnt matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!

As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!

We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!

Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con its over

Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!

@TrumpDoonbeg: Great news! Weve been nominated for Irelands Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote!

Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton!

Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton!

Thank you! #TrumpPence16

Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!

Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!

Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look whats happening!

Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I dont have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done

Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!

Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City

I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M

Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!

#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!

In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrows news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement

Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse

I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA

Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! 
#ImWithYou

Great new poll- thank you America!
#Trump2016 #ImWithYou

I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow

If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!

Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?

Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!

On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others

Voters understand that Crooked Hillarys negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity

Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide @QuinnipiacPoll. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!

Lyin Crooked Hillarys email stories all have one thing in common

Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!

The Republican platform is most 
pro-Israel of all time!

New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!

#CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio, &amp; Pennsylvania. I havent started yet!

Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou

Thank you! #ImWithYou

Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!

THANK YOU INDIANA! #Trump2016

Thank you Iowa- see you soon!
#Trump2016 #ImWithYou

I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8pm. Enjoy!

The American people agree. No free pass for #CrookedHillary!

To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first

Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton

Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs

#CrookedHillary is not qualified!

I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!

Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!

This election is a choice between law, order &amp; safety - or chaos, crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou

For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need

Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou

Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued

Speech on Veterans Reform:

Great poll- Florida! Thank you!

Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan

Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #Trump2016 
Tickets:

I heard that the underachieving John King of @CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!

The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!

President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!

Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!

New poll - thank you! #Trump2016

Way to go @serenawilliams  - you are a true champion. Proud of you!

MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!

Isnt it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @CNN?

Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami

Last nights horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers

Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country

After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin Crooked Hillary

Thank you Speaker @PRyan!
#AmericaFirst #Trump2016

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you Rep. Collins! #Trump2016

Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!

Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now. #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst

Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the Star of David also? 
Dishonest media! #Frozen

To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary

Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live

I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, @MarkHalperin @NBCPolitics

Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C

Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City

Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City

I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies

Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!

The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but

Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement

Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information. Not fit!

Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!

I dont think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with murder. Come November 8, shes out!

Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win

I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 11pm. Enjoy!

My son, @EricTrump will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

Looking forward to meeting with @SenBobCorker in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today

FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem

The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment

It was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!

Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!

On @FoxNews at 7:00 P.M. Special: Meet the Trumps Hope you enjoy!

Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?

With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, wont even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!

Crooked Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?

The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!

I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!

Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!

Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!

Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriffs Star, or plain star!

Happy 4th of July! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst

Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!

The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!

In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!

I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!

The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting go away, no pictures

Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?

THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!

On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!

Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!

Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know

Just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!

It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!

It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!

Thank you @greta. #ImWithYou

Thank you for your support!
#AmericaFirst #LeadRight2016

Thank you! #AmericaFirst

If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! #AmericaFirst

Crooked Hillary -- Makes History! 
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst

The #2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon

#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou

The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release

Just read in the failing @nytimes that I was not aware the event had to be held in Cleveland - a total lie. These people are sick!

When you cant say it - or see it -- you cant fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst

Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!

Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! #ImWithYou #WCS16

Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst

These crimes wont be happening if Im elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. #AmericaFirst

Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while:

Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough

@TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!

Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?

Bill Clintons meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter

As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bills meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!

#ThrowbackThursday #Trump2016

I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!

The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!

The very dishonest @NBCNews refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!

One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldnt see how she got rich- selling out America

Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them!

New book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmerica

The story with Hillary will never change

For reasons only they can explain, the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better

Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!

@Gengm7: @jakeda @realDonaldTrump As of April this year, Hillary had spent $264,000,000 on her campaign Mr.Trump $55,000,000. self funding

I will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!

ISIS exploded on Hillary Clintons watch- shes done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!

Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center!

New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016

Just watched Senator John Barrasso on @FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John

Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?

The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts

Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though Im sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!

@jtsbk:  @AllenWest thanks for sharing Eric we need @realDonaldTrump now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe

We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States

Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will
the world ever realize what is going on? So sad

Hillary Clintons Presidency would be catastrophic for
the future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment

Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just
never seems to work the way its supposed to with Clinton

Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here: 
 
#CrookedHillary #Trump2016

@kridan1: Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube

@bluedogdemky: @CWAUnion @iowa_trump @RichardTrumka @AFLCIO This is why I would think the unions would support @realDonaldTrump for #POTUS

@arnold_ziffel: @AnnCoulter also cant help but notice the stock markets reaction as @realDonaldTrump was speaking. #UPUPUP

@Patricia_Graf:  @GovBrewer @cvpayne lets get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs

@vegas_sports: Good for @realDonaldTrump hes smart on business. Maybe If corporations werent overtaxed they would stay. Voting for #Trump

@GovBrewer: Ill be a guest today on Making Money with @cvpayne on @ Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT Discussing @realDonaldTrump. Tune in!

@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I dont watch it anymore

The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November

Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage

@LindaSuhler: Trump voters dont scare or back down. Our numbers are growing &amp; were taking our country BACK. #Trump2016 #MAGA

@w4djt: Under a Trump presidency, America will make brilliant new trade deals! Donald Trump #dtmag

@brazosboys: Hillary read sigh off the Teleprompter, Shes so fake she has to be told how to feel:  @FoxNews

@JimVitari:  @ABC @washingtonpost we know theyre fake just like poles during primary. Im sure u will crush #CrookedHillary in general

The dirty poll done by @ABC @washingtonpost is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good

Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own:

Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time

Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!

People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!

Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump Stakes Of The Election Address:

The @ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!

Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son

Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!

Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call

George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.Hes made many bad calls

Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!

Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!

I have never liked the media term mass deportation -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!

We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst

We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place

Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us @TrumpTurnberry yesterday! @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr

On the 13th tee box @TrumpScotland with my grand daughter, Kai! @DonaldJTrumpJr

Arriving @TrumpScotland with @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @EricTrump. Back to New York tonight. 
Video:

So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!

Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou

@Jolena3: @realDonaldTrump And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Cant wait!

@DarrenWaggener: @realDonaldTrump What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016

Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!

The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!

Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster

I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obamas illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for

New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled

America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, &amp; as a people w/a shared history

Self-determination is the sacred right of all free peoples, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see

Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote

Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership

Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!

Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!

Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!

Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton

Read my full statement here on the Supreme Courts executive amnesty decision #imwithyou

Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. Im not watching it much anymore

CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong

Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border

On immigration, Im consulting with our immigration officers
&amp; our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street

Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration

Hillary Clintons open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. #Imwithyou

SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic &amp; African-American workers

Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families
#CrookedHillary

ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama.  --  Donald J. Trump

Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.  --   Donald J. Trump

Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clintons conduct has been disqualifying

@AllegrettiVicki: You have great children, future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father. Thank you

@1lion: brilliant 3 word response to Hillarys Im With You  slogan  @realDonaldTrump

@justininglv: @realDonaldTrump great speech today!! Its all about America and thats why you will become president!!!!  Thank you

#Imwithyou

#Imwithyou

Hillary says things cant change. I say they have to change. Its a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou

@chrisboydbrew: @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump @FoxBusiness.. Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions, great answers Lou is great

Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!

I will be interviewed by @LouDobbs tonight on @FoxBusiness 7pm ET

Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest

If you want to know about Hillary Clintons honesty &amp; judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens

Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays

I am the king of debt.That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S

Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.  They have bankrupted

Hillary Clintons open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe

How can Hillary run the economy when she cant even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?

Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as
Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs

Hillary says this election is about judgment.  Shes right.  Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy

I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton

Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!

When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees

@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!

@bfraser747: Watch out HillaryClinton  Support @realDonaldTrump   #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Yesterdays failing @NYTimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed!

How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!

Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer. #Trump2016

See you soon Arizona! #Trump2016

I love you Arizona! Thank you!
#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst

Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada!
#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst

In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!

Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst

Thank you Houston, Texas! 
#AmericaFirst #Trump2016

Thank you! #AmericaFirst

The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!

Thank you- on my way!

Thank you @DallasPD!

Join me in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst

THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!

People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando

Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!

@VoteTrumpMAGA: The media attack on @realDonaldTrump is relentless. They are desperate. But, they keep #Trump in the news - a good thing

Thank you Dallas, Texas!

Houston, TX:


Las Vegas, NV


Phoenix, AZ:

Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets:

Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer

The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS!

McAllen, Texas- 8 miles from 
U.S. - Mexico border. #Trump2016 
Video:

@realericjallen: @realDonaldTrump is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence, Safety, Unity, &amp; US JOBS, JOBS, JOB

I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M.  @FoxNews

Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!

Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday!
#AmericaFirst #Trump2016

Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst

I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns

The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!

An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump may have insinuated about @POTUS. But hes right:

Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst

TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA:


WEDNESDAY! GEORGIA:


SATURDAY! NEVADA:

HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the @USArmy! THANK YOU!

Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs

AMERICA FIRST!

American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening

Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! #Trump2016
Tickets:

Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- contd:

Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- contd:

I thought people werent celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right

In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror

Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby:

I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is:

TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT:

Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions, Pittsburgh @Penguins!

I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and @CNN, and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying

I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M

I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!

What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough

@WandaWalls20: @realDonaldTrump Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble

Reporting that Orlando killer shouted Allah hu Akbar! as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade

Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesnt he should immediately resign in disgrace!

Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I dont want congrats, I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!

Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart &amp; vigilant?

Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!

Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded

Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!

Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly

Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst

Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst

Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst

Thank you Tampa, Florida!
#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain

Sad case- @USATODAY did article saying I dont pay bills- false, only dont pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!

In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!

Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is

Thank you Richmond, Virginia! 
#Trump2016

Thank you @FaithandFreedom Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.
#RTM2016 #Trump2016

Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight! #Trump2016
Tickets:

#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary

I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!

2004 VIDEO:
Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! #Trump2016

Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO

Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOP
Legacy Of Leading On Womens, Civil Rights Against Racist, Sexist Democrats

The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!

Join me! 
6/10: Richmond, VA - 8pm
6/11: Tampa, FL - 11am
6/11: Pittsburgh, PA - 3pm
6/13: Portsmouth, NH - 2:30pm

@Ausbiz:  RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS &amp; #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@FoxNews: .@JamesRosenFNC: Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by @TheJusticeDept

Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice

@FreemarketSara: Trumps Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record ... Congratulations @realDonaldTrump

Join me! #Trump2016

6/10: Richmond


6/11: Tampa


6/11: Pittsburgh

Thank you Roseanne, very much appreciated

How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted?

A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv:

Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obamabut nobody else does!

Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!

As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!

@KathyCeurter: @realDonaldTrump please Mr.Trump make @SenatorJeffSessions your VP. He is a perfect running mate.  He is a great guy!

Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me

@mabynshingleton: JohnKasich, the VOTERS have spoken.We want @realDonaldTrump. You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave @GOP

@Dale_Dangler: @realDonaldTrump You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen  Thanks

I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!

@nauthizjane: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations Mr. Trump.  Thank you!

@setfire2flames: Senator Sanders spent more than @realDonaldTrump yet lost

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#AmericaFirst #Trump2016

@lovusa4: @RichardWeaving Why @foxandfriends @NewDay WHERE IS THE REPORTING @realDonaldTrump &lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA

@mariadaq:  HISTORIC!! whats historic is OUR national debt, record unemployment, &amp;pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!

@sara_wejesa: @realDonaldTrump Great speach!!!!!!!  Thanks!

@jimhewitt: . @FrankCaliendo doing @realDonaldTrump on @MikeAndMike is awesome. Number one presidency of all time

@JoeDeFranco: Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you

Nobody is watching @Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You wont believe what I am watching now!

@southpaw816: @SenSanders fans, greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for @realDonaldTrump, at least youll have a job

Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved

@WolfStopper: Gee ... Does this make @realDonaldTrump right one more time?

@DjD_Thunder: Standing by @realDonaldTrump all the way to the White House!

Thank you California! #Trump2016

Thank you New Mexico! #Trump2016

Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016

Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016

Thank you Montana! #Trump2016

I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues

I will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - Enjoy!  10:00 P.M

Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesnt believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!

A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres

See, when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me credit

Thank you Diamond and Silk!

Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6, 1944

I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!

A massive blow to Obamas message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. Thats REALLY bad!

Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!

Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!

Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!

People like @KatyTurNBC report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!

Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!

I am watching @CNN very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!

The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as @CNN, is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors

@sareed59:  Our ineffective #POTUS has to make a speech in #Elkhart to make everything look great. Mr. Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you Attorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way

We just had the worst jobs report since 2010

The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!

Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police

@Don_Vito_08: Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country! #VoteTrump2016 JOIN ME ON THE #TrumpTrain

@rapidcraft: Heres The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About  @realDonaldTrump

Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!

Thank you Redding, California!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary

Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile

So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event @TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th

Im a former chief of police in a border town. Im Hispanic, Im proud to be Hispanic and Im 100% behind Trump

In Crooked Hillarys telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!

I dont watch or do @Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!

Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!

Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!

@fivestarr6028: Yes! Hubby and I voted 4 @realDonaldTrump already!  Thank you

@LiliannyLeebou: I think the first female president of the USA will be @IvankaTrump a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!

@LunsfordWhitney: This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president! #Women4Ttump #Trump2016

@angeloftruth11: Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Whos the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi?

@Crz4basball: @JudgeJeanine  @realDonaldTrump Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too

Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

After @TrumpScotland, I will visit @TrumpDoonbeg in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean

After @TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, @TrumpScotland

On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @TrumpTurnberry Resort, the worlds best

Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #Trump2016
Tickets:

@Natalie_Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in @SInow / @Golf_com.
Keep up the great work!

@RobertMordica: @realDonaldTrump Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time. THANK YOU!

@Valenti317: @realDonaldTrump shes a criminal and youre the only person that can stop her

@TaylorEdwards99: THIS IS @POTUSS LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED @realDonaldTrump NOW!! #MAGA #TRUMP2016

@free_SA_BD: @realDonaldTrump A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country

A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!

So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!

Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesnt even look presidential!

Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!

Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions

After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres

Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!

With all of the Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC

Join me in San Jose, California- tonight!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Tickets:

Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isnt that what you want for your president?

Do you ever notice that @CNN gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P

Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!

Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!

@HaloDad22: @realDonaldTrump I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent #Teachers4Trump! We represent #CA4Trump! #NeverDems

@SCPioneer: @stockdaleism @JamesRosenFNC @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took. Thanks

Thank you Sacramento, California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Same failing @nytimes reporter who wrote discredited womens story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!

Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!

Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at 7pm! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased

Congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE

I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days

Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc

I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening @ 7pm! #Trump2016

So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job

Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!

I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!

So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!

I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me

I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump

I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!

I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record

Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@NBCDFW: Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering

@FrankyLamouche: how many of donalds rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east

@MariaErnandez3b: Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally #TRUMP STRONG  So true, and remember the M.I.A.s!

@ScottWRasmussen: Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally  A great day in D.C.!

@TeaPartyNevada: #Trump2016 Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans

The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!

In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!

Obama says a WALL at our southern border wont enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H

If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!

The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Cant allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!

Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP cant control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, Rs!

Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do

Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!

Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them

Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while hes in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW

Dont believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!

I am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes, but when I won the GOP nomination, Im in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!

The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!

The failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I dont have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- &amp; Im beating her

I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you

The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH

Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you! #Trump2016

Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees social media accounts:

@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!

Thank you @BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!

Wow- 25,000 in San Diego, California!
Thank you!! #Trump2016

I am on @oreillyfactor tonight, a big special. @FoxNews  at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!

Bill OReilly doing a major special on @OreillyFactor tonight- @FoxNews at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good! #Trump2016

AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!

Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President!

My wife @MELANIATRUMP, and my children will be featured on @FoxNews with @Greta- 7pmE. Enjoy!
#MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016

Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016

Thank you! #Trump2016

I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard

Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs. @TomBarrackJr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016

@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @OutnumberedFNC- thank you!

The Inspector Generals report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H

Thank you Anaheim, California!
#Trump2016

Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history

The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!

Crooked Hillary Clinton just cant close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesnt have it

Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!

@elizabethforma  Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!

@gordonsr1052:  Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!

@buiIdthewall: @realDonaldTrump high energy!

@PiperSul: Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you

@DeepakS76435750: @realDonaldTrump congratulations from India

@oasisupernova: @realDonaldTrump UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CANT STOP THE #TrumpTrain  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@jknatter: @realDonaldTrump #TrumpTrain

@tcloer11: @realDonaldTrump Great job! Make America Great Again!

@elizabethforma Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!

Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim

Thank you Washington! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Great honor to receive todays endorsement of @RickSantorum. Really nice! #Trump2016

After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldnt believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!

Thank you @DailyMail- for setting the failing @NYTimes story straight. This is what the NYTs should have written!

A suggestion for the dishonest media-

A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by @JasonDovEsq

A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her. @Ed_Klein

Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesnt care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!

I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!

Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media

Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups

While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!

Join me in California or Montana!
5/25/16: Anaheim, California

5/26/16: Billings, Montana

I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!

Obamas VA Secretary just said we shouldnt measure
wait times. Hillary says VA problems are not widespread. I will take care of
our vets!

Is Hillary really protecting women?

In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you America! #Trump2016

The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!

Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!

Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center!
#Trump2016 #MAGA 
Tickets:

Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We cant allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!

How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?

Why do the networks continue to put dopey @BillKristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?

Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!

Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!

@dubilujane: I trust @realDonaldTrump more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A, without a  doubt

Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! #ArmedForcesDay

Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@CNN is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!

@RBacliff: Hillary wants to rip the guns out of Americas hands. No guns = no protection. Get on #TrumpTrain &amp; join @NRA to stop her

Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!

While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!

Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!

Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!

Thank you @TheTodaysGolfer for the wonderful statement that the new par 3 9th hole @Trump Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain

@montgomeriefdn  Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!

@montgomeriefdn: @TrumpTurnberry Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June 16 Cant wait to play it

Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @TGowdySC. It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016

Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox &amp; the @NRA! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the @NRA- prior to @GOPconvention! #Trump2016 #2A

Failing @NYTimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!

Thanks @piersmorgan! 
Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen

Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the #SecondAmendment at a private event. #2A cc: @NRA

I am on my way! See you all soon!

A Call for Unity by Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq

Crooked Hillary cant even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!

Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I dont think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!

Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!

Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!

I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because she has very bad judgement - Bernie said the same thing!

Thank you @LtStevenLRogers. We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!

How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne

Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!

My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!

Some low-life journalist claims that I made a pass at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the @nytimes story which has become a joke!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016

Thank you Arizona! See you soon!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Why did Clinton supporter @AlisonForKY declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasnt even called the race?

Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!

Paul Begala, the dopey @CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me

@ShoneeP: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterdays and todays nightmare

@MagicMetalNinja:  The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for #AmericaFIRST

Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you

Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@LouDobbs: Hillary Just Handed @realDonaldTrump a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

@sandrajeanne48: No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 1/2 women. MSM LIES @TheFive

Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign

@michael_favreau: @JIS3 @realDonaldTrump He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016

I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!

I cant believe that @CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Dont watch CNN!

@COWBOYSFORTRUMP: @ChristiChat @Rockprincess818 @realDonaldTrump That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president

Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight!

Will go back on for a final question now!

@jrector34: @realDonaldTrump Amazing job

@mai_Ttag:  Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never forget you are our messenger!

I like Michael Douglas!

@thydanielflores: .@megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Best interview that I have ever seen

@CostaKenneth: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Great interview Megyn

@svhlevi: @DiamondandSilk @realJeffreyLord @realDonaldTrump @CNN and we love you Diamond and Silk  I do also!

@johnjohnlacca: Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president #MegynKellyPresents

@markgruber1960: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Thats why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed  True!

@ladytsbrug: Lovely interview, Mr. Trump! @realDonaldTrump Thanks

@Janik1968: @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts

@KaceyIlliot1669: @realDonaldTrump We actually really do love you! Great!

@johnkirtley:  @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!

@jlund04: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done

@FrankDallasAgg: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!

@LADYJOANNE: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks

@LADYJOANNE: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump we need Trump more then ever Megan Please dont lose it for America for us!

@curtandkaren: Kudos to @megynkelly and @realDonaldTrump for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy

@gerriweth: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job

@SandraR67758219: @realDonaldTrump You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Dont listen to these people who want you to change!

@longbyfive: @realDonaldTrump great interview with @megynkelly ! Thanks

@HFFoundation4: @realDonaldTrump One thing we know for sure @BernieSanders supporters will turn to #Trump - absolutely not @HillaryClinton

@wesleyfelixpsi: @realDonaldTrump speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all. @FoxNews @megynkelly

@manakoa:DonaldTrump, you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need. @megynkelly is a tough interview! Respect to both

@ragdollive: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump whats with the soft wimpy questions?!? Its not a therapy session ..!! Not really soft at all!

@xGodfatherxzx: @realDonaldTrump amazing on Megan Kelly Thanks

@TrumpTrainRider: .@realDonaldTrump Watching you on Fox with @megynkelly now. Cant wait to hear what you two talked about

I will be live tweeting @megynkelly Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!

Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?

Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she cant win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!

I will be live tweeting my interview with @megynkelly on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy!

I look forward to watching @megynkelly tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats meI think she will be very fair

How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?

Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the energizer to D.C.?

#VoteTrump at clerks offices &amp; 185 ballot drop boxes in #ORPrimary!
Closes at 8pm!

Crooked Hillary cant close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!

Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history

Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Cant believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China

The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. You can tell them to go BLANK themselves - was about China, NOT WOMEN!

Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?

@AprilLaJune: OREGON votes today! Go vote for @realDonaldTrump and kick it BIG TIME!

What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no

I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!

In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue. This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!

The writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes, Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond

Over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. Thats because there were so many positive statements

No wonder the @nytimes is failingwho can believe what they write after the false, malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me

The failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women

Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday joined @foxandfriends

Thank you, Anthony @Scaramucci @WSJ The Entrepreneurs Case for Trump

With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!

A political commentator for @cnn, which I no longer watch, said Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries. I set all-time record!

Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday, was on @foxandfriends saying Times lied

The @nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!

That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!

Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run

Great new poll- thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration

Thank you Georgia! See you soon!
#Trump2016

The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!

Why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!

Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. Massive front page for that!

Why doesnt the failing @nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!

@TakingIt_Back:  @nytimes keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them! #Trump2016 Thanks

@tzard000: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes Everyone continues to pile onto Donald, but they can NEVER take away our votes!  Thank you!

Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use

@DistlerJoyce: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP

@MrTohNey: Leicester &amp; DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. History?

@QueenCharlotteO: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes Im a women &amp; I 100% support @realDonaldTrump &amp; I have since the beginning. Thank you!

The failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!

Thank you for the nice words this morning @KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical! @CNN   @FoxNews

@stranahan: Sheldon Adelson Pledges $100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart

Wow, @CNN is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!

Great new poll- thank you!

If Crooked Hillary Clinton cant close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?

An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person I
have such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon!

@thehill  Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrectit is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!

Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!

Great meeting with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. #Trump2016

Great day in D.C. with @SpeakerRyan and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! #Trump2016

If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, wed have no jobs in Americashe doesnt have a clue

In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!

Isnt it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?

Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See mediaasking for increase!

Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldnt care less about the American workerdoes nothing to help!

Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the womans card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet when a woman stands up to you

If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!

Thanks Piers

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Goofy Elizabeth Warren didnt have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold

Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!

I dont want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!

Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!

Thank you Nebraska!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you West Virginia!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I cant tell the truth about her husband? Dont feel sorry for crooked Hillary!

Hillary has bad judgment!

It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!

I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!

Via @JTAnews and Jason Greenblatt  Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs @JasonDovEsq

WEST VIRGINIA #VoteTrump TODAY!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

NEBRASKA #VoteTrump TODAY!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position

It was Rosie ODonnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! @marthamaccallum

Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!

#RepMikeKelly  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. Thank you for the nice words!

Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@RedRising11: I am a woman &amp; I JUST VOTED FOR @realDonaldTrump #NebraskaPrimary #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident

Thank you Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq For Our Children: Lets Elect Donald Trump

I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!

I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!

If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!

Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beatshe had one!

#NEPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016

#WVPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016

@Valdosta_Monkey: @ChrisCuomo @realDonaldTrump  Is Chris serious, lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA

@daybastrop @foxandfriends @BretBaier The liars that signed the pledge and now wont support @realDonaldTrump IS the reason they are losers

@NathanDWilsonFL: @MariaBartiromo you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump

Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBizAlert  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!

@RichBooth6: @realDonaldTrump @CNN good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight. Thank you

Wow, I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I wont do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!

I will be interviewed on @CNN at 7:00 A.M

@drmoore  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!

@mathewjmari: On @FaceTheNation #MattSchlapp was on the ball &amp; #jenniferrubin is in a time warped stupor. @realDonaldTrump will EXPAND #GOP

I will be interviewed on @NewDay @CNN at 7:00 A.M

I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!

On @seanhannity show @FoxNews now. ENJOY!

Crooked Hillary just cant close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!

@KellyannePolls  Kellyanne, you were fantastic on @meetthepress today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I will be interviewed on @meetthepress this morning. Enjoy!

I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!

#HappyMothersDay!

@matandsher: I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians cant. @realDonaldTrump will give his all for us!

@EdGoeas thank you for your support tonight on @JudgeJeanine

Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!

I am honored that the great men and women of the @Teamsters have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you

I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! @Teamsters

Join me in Washington today!
Spokane tickets:

Lynden tickets:

Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?

Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! Im driving her nuts

Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me

Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy

Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clintons flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American

Lets properly check goofy Elizabeth Warrens records to see if she is Native American. I say shes a fraud!

I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both

Response to @LindseyGrahamSC:

I hear @JoeNBC of rapidly fading @Morning_Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win

Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didnt work. Not much power or insight!

Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now

Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the womens card - it is sad!

Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didnt inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!

@Ausbiz:  Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain

So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Governor Rick Perry said Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency Ive ever seen. Thank you Rick!

Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!

Thank you West Virginia. Lets keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016

Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business. She then apologized

Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 

Omaha, Nebraska:


Eugene, Oregon:

Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, &amp; run as an Independent

Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!

I will be interviewed by @BretBaier @SpecialReport at 6pm ET tonight @FoxNews

Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans

Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow!

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!

I will be interviewed on @TODAYshow and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M

I will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!

I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!

What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!

@oreillyfactor  Please correct, I WON Virginia!

Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!

Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Lyin Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesnt he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money

Wow, Lyin Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Cant function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#INPrimary #VoteTrump

Polls close at 6pm! #INPrimary #Trump2016 #VoteTrump

Thank you America! #Trump2016

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
#Trump2016 #VoteTrump

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#INPrimary #VoteTrump

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#INPrimary #VoteTrump

Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary

Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!

Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary

THANK YOU AMERICA!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016

I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!

Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!

Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA

Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to dealing with men who get off the reservation. Actually, she has done poorly with such men!

I will be interviewed on @CNN  @NewDay  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!

Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! #INPrimary

Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana!
#Trump2016 #INPrimary

Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldnt be on the air!

I am on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #FNS, throughout the day. Enjoy!

Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!

I watched Sen. Graham @FaceTheNation. Why dont they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?

Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016

I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!

Thank you @MikeOzanian for the nice comments on @FoxNews today. Great job!

Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. #Trump2016 #MAGA

The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN

@LexingtonBobby: @FoxNews @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump

The protesters in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!

@AC360  Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!

We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!

Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016

Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!

Wow, the ridiculous deal made between LyinTed Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!

Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! #Trump2016

New York Yankees President, Randy Levine: End of the Republican Party If Donald Trump Not Nominated

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #INDPrimary

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you Evansville, Indiana! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!

So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!

I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!

Lyin Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort

I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!

Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!

@AnnetteJeanne: I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump, so much

Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!

I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!

Thank you Laura!

Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!

Join me on @greta- from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! #Trump2016

THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Agreed!

Thank you Newt!

Thanks Dave!

Thanks!

Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you!

Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016

Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016

Thank you Connecticut! #Trump2016

Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016

Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016

Thank you America! #Trump2016

Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, Maryland! #VoteTrump

You have until 8pm to #VoteTrump, Delaware!

Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island! #VoteTrump

Six hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut!

Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump

How bad is the New York Timesthe most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!

Thank you for the incredible support- Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!

Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!

Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @EricTrump. #Trump2016

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!

Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
#CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #RIPrimary

Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania!
#PAPrimary #VoteTrump

Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island!
#RIPrimary #VoteTrump

On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!

Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - cant make a deal work

Shows how weak and desperate Lyin Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly cant stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses

Lyin Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!

Lyin Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!

Wow, just announced that Lyin Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!

I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!

@DiamondandSilk: .@DonaldJTrumpJr awesome job on @CNNSotu. DonaldTrump has integrity &amp; he refuses 2 play the game call Delegate Bribery

@newtgingrich: #NYPrimary turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive #GOP nominee

I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!

@AndreBauer  Great job and advice on @CNN  @jaketapper  Thank you!

@Borisep was great on @JudgeJeanine tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!

As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!

I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!

Congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @AP today. Amazing job!

Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks!

Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain

Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now:

Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Video:

Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district!

Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!

Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016

Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! #Trump2016

Thank you California! See you soon!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you, @DonaldJTrumpJr! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!

Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldnt get to 1237. Now he cant get to 1237. Drop out LYIN Ted

Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!

Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!

I will be doing the @TODAYshow with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M

Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. #Trump2016

We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!

Had a meeting with the terrific @GovPenceIN of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state!

Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

#Trump360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower-

Off to Indiana! #Trump2016

Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@bigop1: @realDonaldTrump @CNN @oreillyfactor   Wow, really nice!

Thank you New York, I will never forget!

Thank you New York! I love you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me!

@GreenSkyDeb: Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@keksec__org: @realDonaldTrump Your policies will make this state and country great again! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@kdk144: @realDonaldTrump Everybody is In A New York State of Mind now!

Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Discussing #NewYorkValues
in Buffalo last night- on the eve of the #NYPrimary.
LETS GO NY! #VoteTrump

1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for #POTUS.
#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpNY #PrimaryDay

Who did the House Task Force on
Urgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP?

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#Trump2016

LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take back
our country, and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watch video &amp; go
#VoteTrump!

#ICYMI: #Trump2016 closing speech in
Buffalo, New York!
#VoteTrumpNY

Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tickets:

Thank you Eric!

A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!

Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary

Lyin Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!

New York, we will make America great again!

Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him

Lyin Ted Cruz cant win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K

@DiamondandSilk: .@realDonaldTrump is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget &amp; ahead of schedule

Thank you for todays endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association! 
#NewYorkValues

Thank you, California! Will see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!

Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesnt want to run against. Will be such fun!

Lyin Ted Cruz cant get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It wont work!

Lyin Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him

Ill be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary

Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

See you tomorrow Dutchess County, 
New York! #NYPrimary #TrumpTrain

Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy! #Trump2016

@Ollie_621: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump I think its more like 64%. #VoteTrumpNY #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

@AshleyEdam: New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruzs core supporters &amp; increased support for @realDonaldTrump ...Not surprising

@Trumptbird: Dear  Im starting to believe that youre actually going to WIN! #Trump2016 #presidenttrump #primary

@Trump_Supporter: Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New York  Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire

THANK YOU, SYRACUSE! #NYPrimary

Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary

#ICYMI: @foxandfriends this morning

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!

@dmharvey89: @realDonaldTrump @wdct8110 I just voted for @realDonaldTrump in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit! Fantastic!

@herb_stamper: @JackoffJosh711 @SenFrankNiceley @FoxNews @WSJ we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him Great!

@wdct8110: @realDonaldTrump We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !!

@Bubble709_: @realDonaldTrump Praying for your family and your win in New York. Thank you!

Join me this weekend! #NYPrimary
4/16: SYRACUSE - NOON

4/16: WATERTOWN - 3pm
 
#Trump2016

Thank you, @NYPost! #Trump2016

Thank you America! #Trump2016

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse, New York! #NYPrimary #Trump2016

Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Dont let the bosses take your vote!

The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters

Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!

Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! #Trump2016

Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain
Tickets:

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN)

I LOVE NEW YORK! #NewYorkValues

THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Missouri just confirmed #Trump2016 as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016
#NewYorkValues

Thank you Albany, New York!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow!
#Trump2016 #NYPrimary
Tickets available:

Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain

A very interesting piece, by a very good writer, @KirstenPowers of @USATODAY and @FoxNews

Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!

Why does the liberal media think Bill OReilly  (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I dont think so!

Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention

This is happening all over our countrygreat people being disenfranchised by
politicians. Repub party is in trouble!

@AnnesLimo: @realDonaldTrump @WVTTS1017 Thanks for Rochester rally.  Great people, thank you!

@WVTTS1017: @realDonaldTrump just listened to you on fox. I love you so much.  Thank you!

@autoprofessor17: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. #TrumpTrain

@TimeHasCome1: @WayneDupreeShow @ThePatriot143 Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. Hed get 100k &amp; own the news cycle

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!

The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!

How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!

The @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!

@agentvf: New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart   @Q102Philly

@getreal1234: @realDonaldTrump @Kids123Nicholas @gqforbes @RepTomMarino lets go Pa he has my vote Go Trump

@jlopez05391: @realDonaldTrump Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain A big crowd!

@becker_berta: @vivhall3 @Reince Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people

@metalmom888:  @Theresa_Cali If the GOP screws Trump, his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard

@AnnCoulter: GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders)

@governor_savage: @realDonaldTrump is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@Mutual408Grace: @realDonaldTrump @gene70 California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out &amp; vote

@Kids123Nicholas: @gqforbes  @RepTomMarino @realDonaldTrump.Lets get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now

@PennyHicks13: @Carolde @kisster1 @FoxNews   Your tax and economic plans are second to none!  Media shld report

@Theresa_Cali: Poll shows @realDonaldTrump leads among registered Republican women with 44%.   Thank you!

@vivhall3: @realDonaldTrump here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention.  Very sad!

A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife, @MELANIATRUMP, today. #NewYorkValues

@gene70: @realDonaldTrump The Real Person Of The Year!   Wow!

@gene70: @realDonaldTrump Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!!

Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!

Isnt it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight

@DnGLax:  Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #trump2016

@AlexNightrasor: @realDonaldTrump @lilrachiepoo Trump will be our best president since Reagan!

@lilrachiepoo: @realDonaldTrump Thank you, Mr. Trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN

@RepaloneLori: @realDonaldTrump @kirstiealley we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !!  Thank you

@redneckgp: All you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidate @realDonaldTrump that will put ALL OF YOU &amp; AMERICA FIRST  #trump

@RepMartinDaniel: We support you #HaileyPuckett. You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!

@kirstiealley: HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of @realDonaldTrump &amp; Im a woman! (last I checked) And Rudy, U R amazing!

@Cam: Reports are RNC has received +1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on ## Ill post @AnnCoulter

Donald TrumpThe Disrupter will air on @FoxNews Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by @BretBaier. @johnrobertsFox

Nobody beats me on National Security

Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt

Jennifer is a terrific person

@R_U_OK_UK: @realDonaldTrump @glozee1 @PaulManafort @CNN @DanScavino Vote trump to save the west. Dont become like Europe - #WakeUpAmerica

@glozee1: Great interview with @PaulManafort on @CNN regarding @realDonaldTrump path to victory #NewDay #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @DanScavino

@WPayton344: @PaulManafort Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!

So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!

@iamDaveK: @realDonaldTrump first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?

@DiCristo13: @realDonaldTrump lets have the policy speeches on immigration, economy,  foreign policy, and NATO!

@Keeblerqueen: @RealRudyGiulian @realDonaldTrump Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!

@Genie115: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain we can only do that with @realDonaldTrump RT

@gracefulme3: @seanhannity @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony

Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we dont forget!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!

I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!

It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!

Still time to get out and VOTE!
#WIPrimary #Trump2016 #MAGA

Wow, @Politico is in total disarray 
with almost everybody quitting. Good
news -- bad, dishonest journalists!

@roadsho: Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote @realDonaldTrump.The only candidate that will protect your rights!

Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! #VoteTrump today &amp; we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@FoxNews: @ScottBaio: #DonaldTrump is the only guy, I think, that has the will &amp; the nerve to attack &amp; to fight

@vikkideiter: Something VERY close to my heart. Im a NAVY VET! I love @realDonaldTrumps  VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS

I will be on @SeanHannity @FoxNews- tonight at 10pmE w/ @MELANIATRUMP, from Wisconsin. Enjoy! #WIPrimary #Trump2016

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary

Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you!

Will be interviewed on @SeanHannity on @FoxNews from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show

Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you @TrumpGolf!

Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary

This Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder

A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you! #VoteTrumpWI #WIPrimary

I am on @FoxNews with @greta doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @ShellHouOpen. We are all proud of you @TNGCBedminster &amp; all @TrumpGolf clubs! Great going!

I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with @MELANIATRUMP. Join us! #WIPrimary #Trump2016

Thank you Miss Katies Diner!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@GOPjenna: I dont care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE. And thats exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much! #Trump2016

Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary

@007cigarjoe: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump IS THE ONLY DEAL !!!

@Margee11: #WISCONSIN VOTE SMART @tedcruz RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W/ @realDonaldTrump

@Wheels155:@CNN is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about @realDonaldTrump cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Medias a JOKE

I will be on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!

@FaceTheNation: Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner @realDonaldTrump!

Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin. 
#VoteTrump on Tuesday, April 5th!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I will be interviewed by @jdickerson on @FaceTheNation tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016

A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!
Thank you #Racine &amp; #Wausau! Just arrived in #EauClaire! #Trump2016
#WIPrimary #TrumpTrain

@FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!

@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!

Great honor to have @GOP General Counsel, #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!

Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimary #Trump2016
Tickets:

Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!

I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!

If @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with @AC360 beat her by millions!

Is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?

We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States!

My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!
#WIPrimary #Trump2016

Does anybody like Lyin Ted?

For the 1st time in American history, Americas 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsementme! Thank you

The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people!

The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!

The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

THANK YOU, NEW YORK! #Trump2016

THANK YOU, AMERICA! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

THANK YOU, WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump 
next Tuesday, April 5th! #WIPrimary

Just had a very nice meeting with @Reince Priebus and the @GOP. Looking forward to bringing the Party 
together --- and it will happen!

The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. #Trump2016

@susanbirchfiel1: Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for @realDonaldTrump

@Gearssuxs: @loudobbsnews @realDonaldTrump Im a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary.  Great!

Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin!
#WIPrimary #Trump2016

Congratulations to @CNN for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005

THANK YOU, NEW YORK!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on @CNN being nasty to me. Not nice!

Final #s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!

Thank you! #Trump2016

Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:

Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand??

This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune

Victory press conference was over. 
Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges?

Why arent people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?

Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!

How come the @TODAYshow &amp; @chucktodd show the new @NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?

I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC

Wow, @CNN has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldnt do their town-hall tonight!

We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!

Lyin Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!

LyinTed Cruz is weak &amp; losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates

After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!

@PaulaDuvall2:  Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If youre for Motherhood, hell be against it!

Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!

@wolfblitzer:  Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals: @realDonaldTrump 7,546,980; @tedcruz 5,481,737; @JohnKasich 2,724,749 A BIG DIFFERENCE

Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!

A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called leaders ever learn!

Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story 
via the Gateway Pundit:

@nellalda: @realDonaldTrump We stand by Trump 100%  Thank you!

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!

@VictorConkle: #WIPrimary @realDonaldTrump will defeat ISIS and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!

See Lyin Ted, even the @DailyBeast (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump!

Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming

Why cant the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!

Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve

Happy Easter to all, have a great day!

My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!

Wow, sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others

I am interviewed on This Week on @ABC this morning. Enjoy!

Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!

Dont believe the @FoxNews Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election

Wisconsins economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs

Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!

Lyin Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!

The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!

The media is so after me on women  Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!

@pattiandsammi: @gullakhta99 @realDonaldTrump @Tytan01 @CNN WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMPS EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. #WOMEN4TRUMP

@Tytan01: Dear @CNN, after doing a quick Google &amp; Twitter search there are over 15,000 womens groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying

@SpartanMaker:  Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: ($10.3B-$1.2M 74 equity)/1.2M = 858,233%. S&amp;P: 1314.5% #Derp

@stanColtrane: Turns out @glennbeck was wrong. @realDonaldTrump had nothing to do with it

@theAgeofLeo: Your instincts on foreign policy &amp; terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined

Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!

@11phenomenon: #LyingTed blames @realDonaldTrump for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis

Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?

I didnt start the fight with LyinTed Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin Ted!

Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Endorsements for Lyin Ted Cruz-

@NeilTurner_: @realDonaldTrump Cruz &amp; Rubio are scared! WATCH -&gt;

Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!

Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!

@Doctor_S_Freud:  @TheView Theyre all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all A dead show

Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time

@TheView T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM NO

Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!

@TimVincent56:  @LindseyGrahamSC Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it #VoteTrump2016

It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!

Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a hell hole and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. I was so right!

These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!

@LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!

It is amazing how @LindseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!

@missi51: .@realDonaldTrump thank God is not a politician, but hes one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people

We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!

N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!

@Don_Vito_08: A picture is worth a thousand words @realDonaldTrump  #LyingTed #NeverCruz  @MELANIATRUMP

@Kj11100Me: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump will be greater  president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality,Christianity

@tcsorr: @jphilman0206 @realDonaldTrump self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like @tedcruz. Who owns Ted?

@DebraRakestraw:  You have over 2M followers more than than @HillaryClinton. This says something about how America feels. #Trump2016

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I want to thank @RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!

While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!

I think having Jebs endorsement hurts Lyin Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!

I will be the best by far in fighting terror. Im the only one that was right from the beginning, &amp; now Lyin Ted &amp; others are copying me

Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. Shes been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!

Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin Ted Cruz. Honestly, I cant blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!

Lyin Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas just another dishonest politician

Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain

Lyin Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. Thats why we call him Lyin Ted!

Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!

Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!

Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016
#WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain

Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!

Lyin Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!

Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a #POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs!

Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame

#UtahCaucus message from @IvankaTrump! #UTCaucus
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

#ArizonaPrimary message from @IvankaTrump! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

#VoteTrump video: 
#AZPrimary #ArizonaPrimary #UtahCaucus #UTCaucus #AmericanSamoa

My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it

Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. Its time to get tough!

I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and its not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!

Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!

@MyPresidentme: Heres Trump #AIPAC2016 in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch

@BarronG510: @realDonaldTrump The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you

Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasnt even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect

Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!

@gamzorz:  @megynkelly Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop

So the highly overrated anchor, @megynkelly, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I cant fight back? Wrong!

The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!

Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES,  are never blamed by media? SAD!

Will be interviewed on @ThisWeekABC this morning. Enjoy!

@GStephanopoulos: Whats @realDonaldTrumps strategy to secure the GOP nomination? Ill talk to the Republican front-runner. @ThisWeekABC

The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon

@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THATS THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US &amp; KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!

THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #AZPrimary 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters! #VoteTrump on Tuesday!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@AndreaTantaros- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@jessebwatters- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@DiamondandSilk- Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! #Trump2016

THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Wow, @CNN ratings are up 75% because its all Trump, all the time. The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Great to be back in Arizona!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

If crazy @megynkelly didnt cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!

Crazy @megynkelly says I dont (wont) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!

@saneplanet: after tonight it is clear! Utah is #TrumpCountry  #Utah #Mormon #UtahPrimary #Utah4Trump

@TeamTrumpAZ: Check out HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX, AZ  @Eventbrite

@DonaldJTrumpJr: Honored to be in #Utah with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC

@Ma1973sk: Actually, no @FoxNews, @megynkelly has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate

@AshleyEdam: Its great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months #voteTrump

@grammy620: 1st time I heard #Trump I said wow. I liked him! I then became a closet #Trump fan. Today? Hes the ONLY 1 I will vote for!

@Veteran4Trump: Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president; Weve Endorsed Him, We Believe In Him #Trump2016

@WesleyRickard: Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States #AZ #UT

@cmichaeld2004: Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee, what happened to that 30% ceiling

@ileanabarkus:  @nytdavidbrooks I totally agree! @nytdavidbrooks is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!

Thank you- New York! I love you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrows events will be amazing! #Trump2016

Reading @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!

While I have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!

Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Watching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan

Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. 
Love Utah- will be back!

Why havent they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruzs guy runs Missouri?

I guess I have reached yet another ceiling  - 49.7%, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you!

Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!

Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, &amp; the most overrated person on tv

Thank you Arizona- I love you! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesnt have a clue. No wonder he lost!

Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2

Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who choked and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin Ted Cruz. This is good for me!

Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons dont like LIARS! I beat Hillary

Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO!

Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!

With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?

@EWErickson got fired like a dog from RedState
and now he is the one leading opposition against me

Senator @LindseyGrahamSC made horrible statements about @SenTedCruz  and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!

Lyin Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!

Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know

Highly overrated &amp; crazy @megynkelly is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!

Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!

See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday

Please explain to the dummies at the @WSJ  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!

@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!

@WSJ Editorial says Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trumps is 7,533,692-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize

The reason lyin Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just dont tolerate liars-a big problem!

Crazy @megynkelly is now complaining that  @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!

Great news that @FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating

Crazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted cant win!

Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romneys historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!

I will be interviewed on The OReilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. @oreillyfactor

Thank you, Missouri! #Trump2016

Wow, just won Missouri!

I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!

Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!

In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!

Yesterday was amazing5 victories.  Lyin Ted Cruz
had zero. Things are going very well!

Is this what we want for a President?

@RepTomMarino  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!

@FoxBusiness: .@RepTomMarino: I think @realDonaldTrump can beat HillaryClinton. And Im looking forward to Trump being president

@pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!

Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:40. ENJOY!

Will be interviewed on @NewDay on @CNN at 7:15 A.M

Will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!

@lucyric13835428: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly  Thats funny, I switched to other media too, cant stand her

@MaryEH428: @RealBenCarson I thank God you are on board with @realDonaldTrump to help him and us #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ty!!

Thank you Marco, I agree!

I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at 
Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!

Thank you Illinois! #SuperTuesday 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable

Thank you, Florida! #SuperTuesday 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Cant watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big &amp; over!

@DumpFoxNews: @FoxNews @megynkelly  If media wasnt so biased against Trump, he wouldve won all of the delegates

@SCNAK45: @megynkelly is trying so hard to bash @realDonaldTrump its ridiculous Dont worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!

@J_Styborski: @realDonaldTrump @gregens21 @BertShad @FoxNews @megynkelly Hayes is looking depressed as well

@jsconlon11:  @BertShad @Foxnews @megynkelly I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team

@gregens21:  @BertShad @FoxNews @megynkelly Shes choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says

@BertShad: Was going to watch @Foxnews for the primary results but saw @megynkelly - looks like #CNN tonight

Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!

A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false

I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will sing again

In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!

Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!

Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down

#VoteTrump #SuperTuesday
Florida
Illinois
Missouri
North Carolina
Ohio 
#TrumpTrain

North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!

Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump

Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter, @IvankaTrump! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday

Dont reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.)

Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!

I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL

Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!

@mazzei48: @realDonaldTrump @BrazielCarol @FoxNews Listening to interview on replay of @A Savage Nation #GO DONALD TRUMP !!!!! Thanks

@wh:  WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character! Watch this video! Hillary and Bernie dont come close

@realwwshelton: @loudobbsnews I believe that @realDonaldTrump will be the big winner tomorrow.  Thank you!

@BrazielCarol: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump Who started this mess, the protesters of course . And media made it worse

Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

THANK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow. #Trump2016

Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!

Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump

Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!

We dont have a country- if we dont have borders. #VoteTrump 
Video:

Just received from @PeteRose_14. 
Thank you Pete! #VoteTrump on 
Tuesday Ohio! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

LYIN TED

The failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!

Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue

Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!

Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive!

Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesnt watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the @GolfChannel

Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!

Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors arent told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!

@alextrent4: It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!

Wow, Kasich didnt qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!

USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail!

Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way

#EndCommonCore #Trump2016
Video:

Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio!

It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!

The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!

We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. 
No way to run a country!

Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote

The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 supporters- largest in airport history! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!

The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!

Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!

Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!

The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!

I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016

Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres! #Trump2016

It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative

Thank you St. Louis, Missouri! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckermans @NYDailyNews

Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. 

I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better.
@RealBenCarson

Thank you! #GOPDebate

@JaredWyand: Lets be clear.. #NeverTrump is about Never someone we dont own You either play into it &amp; let them win or vote Trump

Thank you America! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you Mark. #GOPDebate

@adriparsonss: @The_Trump_Train @realDonaldTrump #Donald Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him! Thank you!

Wow, you are all correct about @FoxNews - totally biased and disgusting reporting

Another Dishonest Politician 
#LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio

Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!

Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016

This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support

Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016

Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016

Thank you! #Trump2016

Thank you America! #Trump2016

Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!

I hear @NBCNews / @WSJ came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll

The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch, remember!

Hawaii:

Idaho:

Mississippi:

Michigan:

#VoteTrumpID! #Trump2016

#VoteTrumpHI! #Trump2016

#VoteTrumpMI! #Trump2016

#VoteTrumpMS! #Trump2016

Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!

Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!

Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!

@EricTrump: Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii today! Amazing father!  @Q

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you @EricTrump!

Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video:

The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America

People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no &amp; they went negative. Extortion!

Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It

I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. Ill be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!

Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! 
Thank you!

I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm EST on @FoxNews! Enjoy!

New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio:

Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- 
nobody grows them better. As 
President, I will protect your market

Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted excellent reviews

@justin_sellers: Setup is underway @realDonaldTrump rally in Madison. #MSPrimary  Thank you!

It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!

Dont believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!

Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!

Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!

I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida

We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $s in false ads!

Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous  failures have ZERO credibility!

Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!

How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!

All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do

@Janetlarose1: @realDonaldTrump @FaceTheNation @jdickerson WASHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP  &amp;TRUMPS SUPPORTERS ... #TRUMPDOG

@ChadRowland3:  @jdickerson @FaceTheNation A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work. #TrumpTrain

@meetthepress and @chucktodd did a 1 hour hit job on me today  totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!

I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you to @jdickerson and @FaceTheNation for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are #1 in the ratings!

Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters:

The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!

Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!

David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesnt have a clue

Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016

FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you @IvankaTrump:

I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning. Enjoy!  @jdickerson

@FoxNews is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!

Thank you Kentucky! #Trump2016
#SuperSaturday

Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016
#SuperSaturday

I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!

Thank you Willie Robertson! 
#VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain!

I am watching two clown announcers on @FoxNews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!

Romneys failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- dont know how to win!

@MittRomney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!

Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!

#CaucusForTrump #Trump2016

Getting ready to make my speech at #KansasCaucus. A great honor! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldnt get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrump

To the people of Kentucky, 
Rand Paul didnt want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. 
#VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)
KY his 2nd choice!

Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!

Wow, big lines in Kansas

For all of todays voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!

Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!)

Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump

Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you Cadillac, Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

#VoteTrumpKS #Trump2016
March 5, 2016 | Wichita, Kansas:

U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election:

Thank you Macomb County, Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@SirHatchporch: Mary Kissel is an SNL character, right? Shes not a real person, right? #MorningJoe  She is a major loser - no clue!

@AngieSteinberg: GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT @marykissel OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy! @Morning_Joe @realDonaldTrump

Thank you America! #Trump2016

MY POSITION ON VISAS
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University. #GOPDebate

Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- dont think I ever even used

Senator Sessions will serve as the 
Chairman of my National Security 
Advisory Committee

THANK YOU PORTLAND, Maine!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! #Trump2016

Will miss @RealBenCarson tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Bens followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget

Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!

@blt21muttrades: People are just mad that youre doing so good so they are gonna do theyre best to stop you. Not gonna happen #MAGA

@CreativeXwalk: @realDonaldTrump teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again

The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win

Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?

I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesnt know how to win. Hillary wants no part of Trump

Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!

I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!

Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big R win!

@malski1954: I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake

Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!

Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS

@Johnsmi01433966: The establishment doesnt like you because they cant control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off

Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Video:

I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.
Video:

Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)

Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)

I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here:

@CNN poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!

@HavBat22: @TeamCavuto #KenLangone is 100% correct #NeilCavuto. And u and the rest of u #Fox muppets refuse to HEAR HIM. So true!

Why cant the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!

My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be #OnTheRecord w/ @greta tonight at 7pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

@KinnardJan: @Itsjoeco @realDonaldTrump I took Trump University class and saved my home!

Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!

Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp; his no show voting!

The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me

@JoeNBC: FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, its a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state

@JoeNBC: Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. #SuperTuesday

@NorahODonnell: Looks like Rubio wont get any delegates from TX or AL because he didnt meet 20% threshold

@mikiebarb: A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination for Rubio, says @apalmerdc:

@danpfeiffer: For the record, most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump  So true!

Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday

Thank you Arkansas! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday

Thank you Virginia! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday

Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday

Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday

Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday

Thank you Georgia!
#SuperTuesday #Trump2016

Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky! 
#VoteTrump on 3/5/2016! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Lets go America! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
#SuperTuesday

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you Columbus, Ohio!

The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!

Got the endorsement of Brian France and @NASCAR yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!

Thank you Georgia! 15,000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #SuperTuesday

Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday

Thank you Brian France, Bill Elliott, @chaseelliott, @DavidRagan, &amp; @RyanJNewman! #NASCAR #Trump2016 #VoteTrump

Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but wont out of principle! See student surveys

Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but wont out of principle!

Thank you Virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and #VoteTrump tomorrow!

My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be joining @andersoncooper @AC360 tonight at 8pmE on @CNN. Enjoy!

Governor Alejandro Garca Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio is no friend of Puerto Rico

#Trump2016 #TrumpInstagram:

I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the American people!
#Trump2016 Video:

Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

My sons, Don and Eric, are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!

Thank you @SenatorSessions!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32,000 supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video:

I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! #Trump2016

Phylis Schlafly: Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All

Little Marco Rubio treated Americas ICE officers like absolute trash in order to pass Obamas amnesty

Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of sex offenses. DISGRACE!

Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. #RobotRubio

@EmaGabi23: Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol

Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people cant stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!

Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician

Mitt Romney didnt show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!

As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow

Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the puppet of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!

Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!

I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get

While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY

The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to hit Trump.I signed the pledge-careful

While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida

@CharlesHodgson1:  A lot more water after this bombshell, Rubio. You are an enemy of America. @realDonaldTrump

@ilduce2016: It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.  @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@JimmyTheSaint09: @realDonaldTrump @RonnieMemo @ChrisChristie anything is better than @marcorubio

@fairess369: It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio cant win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony

@sprivitor @realDonaldTrump Marco Amnesty Rubio is the front man of Amnesty.  #AlwaysTrump #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain

@tiarardis: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine GO TRUMP

@RonnieMemo: DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that, like me, isnt afraid to tell it like it is. Governor @ChrisChristie

We need to fix our broken education system! #StopCommonCore 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Video:

THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!

Incredibly proud of my son @EricTrump &amp; his efforts on behalf of @StJude in Memphis, TN

It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004

Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar

#RogerStone was just banned by @CNN - their loss! Tough, loyal guy

I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!

I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didnt - total fabrication!

Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!

I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!

Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!

I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?

@NeilTurner_: @realDonaldTrump Theres only one real candidate, and its you! Donors control the other candidates! #VoteTrump Thank you

I will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!

@SassyPantsjj: Michigan GOP poll 2/24/2016 Trump 35.5 Rubio 15.0 Cruz 14.3 Kasich 12.8 Carson 8.3 @realDonaldTrump Wow!

Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@JerryJrFalwell: A majority of evangelicals believe @realDonaldTrump is best equipped to save the country. #Greta

@itsblakec: @realDonaldTrump Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country

@donnieboysmith: @realDonaldTrump in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak Thank you!

What I would do on my first day in office. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watch:

Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing 
supporters! #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Never let them see you sweat!

Thank you for your support &amp; 
friendship- Governor @ChrisChristie!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

They dont like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesnt even show up for votes!

Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown

Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!

Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!

Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!

Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!

Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!

Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!

I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!

@WaltSeher: @realDonaldTrump @morg25016893 @eventbrite yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump

@MJP1370: @realDonaldTrump Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he cant beat you ! Trump will win Texas !

@donell27743094: @realDonaldTrump trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said peed - is he still in junior high school

@tdltdltdltdl:  Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate, panicked DC insiders tonight

@SkylerDeckard: @realDonaldTrump thats because youve never hired anyone to do work before favorite line from tonights debate

@restorereality: Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides, stayed composed, returned fire and WON!

@Slytle24: @davidaxelrod @realDonaldTrump @CNN he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-

@Indies4Trump: Vote Early in the #LoneStarState #SuperTuesday @realDonaldTrump will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@morg25016893:  @eventbrite Also, all the things Rubio&amp;Cruz were using for hits, just petty. Trump, clearly the only one w/all the skills

Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting! #Trump2016

All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you! #GOPDebate Polls 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016

Failed presidential candidate @MittRomney was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didnt release his tax returns until 9/21/12

THANK YOU!  
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!

Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didnt win South Carolina, its over. He didnt win- and lost to me in a landslide!

Thank you Illinois! #Trump2016

Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night!
#MakeYoutubeGreatAgain #Trump2016

Im going to do what @MittRomney was totally unable to do- WIN!

LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Schedule &amp; tickets:

Signing a recent tax return- isnt this ridiculous?

Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someones net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!

Why doesnt @MittRomney just endorse @marcorubio already.
Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too late
now!

Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!

Great new poll. Thank you Texas! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@ChatteringTeef: @BornToBeGOP @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney hates to see Trumps success when he was so pathetic

@classyexplorer:  @ahernandez85a Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!

@conservativevin:  @ahernandez85a Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! Hes not relevant!

@Stevekwebb: @realDonaldTrump Love it! @tedcruz is done. We need someone who is proven. @realDonaldTrump will make America Great Again

@Ausbiz: @realDonaldTrump Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion &amp; energy to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@HosierN: @foxnewspolitics A vote for @tedcruz or @marcorubio is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!

@ahernandez85a: @realdonaldtrump Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time #NoLoyalty

Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out  Poll snd Q Poll

Texas, Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement!
#Trump2016 VOTE VIDEO:

@GriceCindy: Thats why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!

@ddpick18: @realDonaldTrump This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!

@RepChrisCollins  Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! @CNN

When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!

Why would Texans vote for liar Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently

When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!

@Ward_II: Oh great @MittRomney is doing a @SenatorReid on @realDonaldTrump like losing the presidency wasnt enough #Trump2016 Hes a fool

Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy

The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more.  Sad but true

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!

I am in Virginia @RegentU Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here:

I am self funding my campaign &amp; dont owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! #Trump2016
Watch:

@USATODAY Poll and @QuinnipiacPoll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havnt even started on them yet!

Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. @KarlRove on @FoxNews is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!

@MELANIATRUMP did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!

Melania will be interviewed by @morningmika on @Morning_Joe now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!

THANK YOU NEVADA!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@Snapchat! 
Username: realdonaldtrump

THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!

Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL

Exclusive interview w/ my wife @MELANIATRUMP- tomorrow morning @ 8amE on @Morning_Joe w/ @morningmika @MSNBC. Enjoy!

GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

My wife Melania will be on @Morning_Joe  tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by @morningmika - Enjoy!

Thank you Sparks, Nevada!
#VoteTrumpNV 

#NevadaCaucus Finder:

Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads

Great. Just reported on @FoxNews that many people who supported @JebBush are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didnt!

Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!

Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I wont be fleeing, in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!

Join us in Sparks, Nevada today! 
#NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV

@StevenMeyers11: @Vogelsong1 @EdRollins @FoxNews Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process &amp; gets it right

I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past

@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN, INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT

@Vogelsong1: @EdRollins gets it. Was just on @FoxNews explaining how Trump wins the general election.  Thank you Ed!

Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!

Ted Cruz does not have the right temperment to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!

Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked

Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration

THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA!
#NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV

Join me live- now in Las Vegas, Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus

Ted Cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!

A big fat hit job on @oreillyfactor tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. @brithume said I would never run, a dope!

Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by @seanhannity on @FoxNews

Thank you Vermont! #VoteTrumpVT

Thank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI
Trump 35%
Kasich 17%
Cruz 12%
Rubio 12%
Carson 9% 
Via: ARG

Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! 
#VoteTrumpNC on 3/15!
Trump 36%
Cruz 18%
Rubio 18%
Carson 10%
Kasich 7%
Via @SurveyUSA

WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. #VoteTrumpMA

Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!

Thank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15!
Trump 28%
Cruz 15%
Rubio 14%
Kasich 13%
Bush 8%
Carson 6%
Simon Poll/SIU

I will be on @seanhannity tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy! #Hannity #Trump2016

Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably wont let this happen! Sad

Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?

Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!

Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!

Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!

It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done

Thank you for your endorsement @paulteutulsr! #BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video:

Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!

@SandraR677582: @FLTrumpTeam Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out! #Trump2016

@ScotMReed: No matter what liar sleazeball @rickwtyler says about @tedcruz in Tennessee. We have early voting and @realDonaldTrump has won

I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!

@1sonny12: @KSmith233035 @mitchellvii  FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP

@gregusp61: You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!

The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!

I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!

@EricTrump: Nevada we are on our way! #VoteTrumpNV #Trump2016 Caucus locator:

A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!

THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you South Carolina!

A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb

The failing @WSJ Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!

I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!

Thank you @SarahPalinUSA for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!

@mikeliberation: This is the best reaction shot Ive ever seen lol #Trump2016

What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE

People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)

@CarrollKuykend2: This veteran just voted @realDonaldTrump in the SC primary, lets make America great again!

South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Dont allow it

I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!

@Carolyn82471448: @WayneDupreeShow @realDonaldTrump All aboard the Trump Train!

@JoeNBC: Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began, while 60% of Americans still supported the war

I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!

@micah_micahk: @realDonaldTrump @blackan @DanScavino this veteran voted for Trump in TX early voting!

@BirgitOlsen1: @realDonaldTrump @Justice41ca  @Vote_For_Trump EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA

@Blackan: #SCPrimary @realDonaldTrump is the only one who will protect American interests. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@TrumpNewMedia: WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH? LETS FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN 1 JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE! #WATCH:

@ResisTyr:  Mr.Trump...BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS! Its a SLAM DUNK CASE!! Check it!

@FamilyRedsFans: @FoxNews is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio. #fairandbalancedmyass  He is weak on illegal immigration!

@TrumpNewMedia:  Get out &amp; #VoteTrump if you dont #VoteTrump NOTHING will change its that simple! #VoteTrump

@Metazip: @AnnCoulter @DavidJMadeira  TheTrump phenomenon summed up: Leadership, Fighter and Winner. Not a Liar

Lying #Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!

@rwalkerTennesse: #SouthCarolina If you want a job next January @Vote_For_Trump today. @realDonaldTrump will work for the people

@dnmiller2000: @realDonaldTrump Im a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!

Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal

Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp; should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp; be smart!

I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesnt give info to authorities on the terrorists Ill only be using Samsung until they give info

I have built so many great &amp; complicated projects creating tens of thousands of jobs-video:

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld #ObamaCare twice! I am the only one who will #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!

Im self-funding and I am going to take care of the people  not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates

I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer

I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, &amp; replace it w/ something much better

I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare, including the mandate, period

A message from @IvankaTrump! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Video:

Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

@KathyTravels777:   @andersoncooper Tonight on CNN @realDonaldTrump was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people

Tonight I will be on @FoxNews with @SeanHannity at 10pm and @CNN w/ @AndersonCooper at 10:10pm. Enjoy! #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016

We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC

Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!
#SCPrimary #Trump2016

Join us tomorrow night in Charleston, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #Trump2016

Response to the Pope:

I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!

@FoxNews is changing their  theme from fair and balanced to unfair and unbalanced. But dying @WSJ is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!

Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpSC

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you America! #Trump2016

New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!

I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie

Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll

Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC
#Trump2016

THANK YOU AMERICA! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you Nevada! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but its far too late. 1% in Nevada!

Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, @LindseyGrahamSC, and just go home

@FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!

I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I wont, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?

@lindseygraham, who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @FoxNews

Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I would never be president - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!

@ChJLuc91: @YomasterJon @RichardTBurnett  Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump, CANT be #POTUS! #Trump2016

@babo_sirin: BUSTED AGAIN: @TedCruz in Hot Water Over Possibly Illegal Fundraising #SCPrimary  The guy is bad news

Why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative?  Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!

@debdew2:  @brithume @megynkelly @DiamondandSilk FOX: TRUMP HATERS R SCARED BECAUSE THEY LOSE -  TRUMP IS WINNING

Thank you  @kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. @CNN @donlemon

@Good2bqueen67:  @brithume @megynkelly Theyre too lame to get it, Sir. When you win the election theyll get it

@brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!

Explain to @brithume and @megynkelly, who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!

Will be interviewed by @StephenAtHome tonight by phone- a late show first @CBS @colbertlateshow. Enjoy! 
#Colbert #LSSC

Thank you, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you to the 2,500+ in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Dont forget to VOTE on Saturday!

#TeamTrump is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero. #MaitnerStrong

Just sat down for a great interview with @PHussionWYFF in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSC

Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!

Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same

New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! #VoteTrumpSC

What a night! 10,000 amazing supporters in Greenville, South Carolina! THANK YOU!
VOTE on Saturday! #VoteTrumpSC

Thank you for your continued support!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ: 
#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC

JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private Eminent Domain --- Just another clueless politician!

Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)

Id like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)

Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!

I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN

Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada

Funny that Jeb(!) didnt want help from his family in his failed campaign and didnt even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!

Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didnt!

Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!

Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses!

Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints

Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!

This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldnt have nominated John Roberts. Really?

@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump @JebBush Jeb is incompetent and will lose, dont waste your energy on that cry baby!

Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot, @FoxNews only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!

@jeffpaine:  @realDonaldTrump you crushed the debate! Thank you!

#GOPDebate #GoogleTrends

Hey @glennbeck- see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! #GOPDebate

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!

How can @JebBush beat Hillary Clinton- if he cant beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!

Thank you! I miss my father

Lightweight @JebBush said tonight he didnt know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! 
#GOPDebate

On the way to the #GOPDebate with my wonderful wife @MelaniaTrump

Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!

Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ @RealBenCarson- saying I may not be on ballot &amp; I hold liberal positions. LIES!

Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!

The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!

Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight

@AmFree: #Trump On #Ford, #Carrier, Shipping #Jobs To #Mexico: Im The Only One Who Understands Whats Going On

@ThtsWhtKelSaid: Im fed up w/ DC playing 3 card Monty w/ our tax $s. Its time we the people play the Trump card, &amp; take back our country

@BrandonSawyer84: @realDonaldTrump will rule #SouthCarolinaPrimary!

@wino911:  #Trump2016 We know better than to trust the RNC    So cute!

Thank you, South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!

Get on Trumps List email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. 
Email:

@grammies28: @realDonaldTrump was right! Vote trump! Bring our jobs back.   I told you so, only going to get worse

@Elvisfan1976: @NRSC stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker. I support him and hes self funding!

@dj4k4000: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Trump will be our next POTUS..every American will benefit positivey from this

@nellalda: @DonaldJTrump45 @realDonaldTrump @Reince They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!

@Bonfiredesigns: @StellaDean Lets Get United In America With @realDonaldTrump

A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on @CNN and article in Newsmax! Great insight

Totally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC

Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2,000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant

@jd4160: Nice column by Bill Donahue, head of Catholic League. Hes a blue collar New Yorker and gets it

I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow

Word is that little Morty Zuckermans @NYDailyNews loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?

When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing @NYDailyNews will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon

11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!

I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Millions of $s of false ads,  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater @SenTedCruz  and sleepy @JebBush, are now running in S.C

@copyover2001: @realDonaldTrump   Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?

@by @tedcruz good I want to see the court decide what I was always told natural born means - born on American soil

@hillx123: @tedcruz you have just been put on notice @realDonaldTrump We Stand with you... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thankyou

Last time lightweight @JebBush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. If he doesnt do better this time, he is out!

If @TedCruz doesnt clean up his act, stop cheating, &amp; doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen

Lightweight @JebBush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!

After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads

Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get

You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary

The failing @NYDailyNews, destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. Its dead!

NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.

Visit: 

Message from @IvankaTrump:

How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?

Lying Cruz put out a statement, Trump &amp; Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage. Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?

Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others?

THANK YOU- Baton Rouge, Louisiana! WE will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016

Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ @RealBenCarson. How can he preach Christian values?

@truthinvest: @CNN @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask @RealBenCarson

Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest pushpolls on me. We are watching!

Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!

He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDNT KEEP THEM! Hi DT

@MarkHalperin showed a focus group on @Morning_Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!

Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!

There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!

I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!

THANK YOU- Clemson, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SCPrimary

@HARyder: Which is it @realDonaldTrump ?Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it?  Get rid of it fast

I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core

Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!

So funny, Jeb Bush called me a highly gifted politician and a great entertainer - I assume that is a compliment!

Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today

Like the worthless @NYDailyNews, looks like @politico will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!

Worthless @NYDailyNews, which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!

Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews, has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!

@MarkHalperin: My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners: DonaldTrump A: v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+: went too long

Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina

Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! #FITN #NHPrimary

We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security

We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $s and have much better healthcare!

ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our leader - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results

New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

You can find your polling locations at: 
 #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH

A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! #VoteTrumpNH 
Video:

Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! #VoteTrumpNH
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!

The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!

No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!

I know the Governors and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!

Remember @JebBush wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (come as act of love). Not a leader!

Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN

Thank you, New Hampshire! 
#FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH  
Voting questions?

#VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #FITN

Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!

Todays third stop- Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you!
#FITN #VoteTrumpNH

America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they dont get things done. Video:

Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!

Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration

Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem, New Hampshire. #FITN #NHPrimary

Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!

My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! Enjoy

So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50

Thank you- Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary

Thank you Newt!

We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow:

Great to meet everyone while having breakfast @ChezVachon this morning! #FITN #VoteTrumpNH

@ABCPolitics #GOPDebate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN

I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy!

I am on @foxandfriends now! Tune in!

I will be on State of the Union @CNN with @jaketapper at 9am. Enjoy!

@JoeNBC: @jonkarl: This has been a great debate for Donald Trump

@JoeNBC: Trump just talked on MSNBC like a man who knows he had a very good night

@piersmorgan: Trump won that debate. People can huff &amp; puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night. #GOPDebate

@piersmorgan:  Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever. As always, @David_Gergen calls it right: Trump held them off. #GOPDebate

@newtgingrich: Trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure

@newtgingrich: Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making

@JoeNBC: Trump, Kasich, Jeb and Christie all had good nights

@JoeNBC: Latest UMass Tracking Poll. NH GOP Trump 35 (+1) Rubio 14 (-1) Cruz 13 (-1) Jeb 10 (+2) Kasich 10 (+2)

@JoeNBC: Cokie Roberts says Donald Trump had a really good night

@GOP_Left_Me: @JoeNBC Donald Trump won that debate hands down, Christi beat up Rubio

@MarkHalperin: My debate report card: Christie A-, Trump A-, Bush B+, Kasich B+, Cruz B, Carson C, Rubio D. Full report cards here

@JoeNBC: Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South

@ABC:DonaldTrump: The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order. #GOPDebate

@ABCPolitics: .@realDonaldTrump dominating @Google searches throughout #GPLFers

@ABCPolitics: .@realDonaldTrump led in @twitter conversation during the #GOPDebate

Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester, New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now:

I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!

@realOllieTaylor: @paintonmy: IA caucus hasnt picked nominee in 16 years! Cruz dirty tricks stole it. Trump way ahead in primary states

@paintonmyjeans: If I owned a big company that was failing, Id hire DonaldTrump to make it great again-Rubio/Cruz wouldnt be considered

@big_carsonrocks: AMERICA...Stop being duped...WAKE UP Cruz &amp; Rubio establishment phonies. DonaldTrump only truthful &amp; not owned candidate

@Enlighten2881: @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @AC360 How come Rubio&amp;Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?

Join me tomorrow in Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary

The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in

@lisabrossman:  @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @AC360 He is for America! Security for America! Jobs for America! There is no other leader!

Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!

@billrey16929057: @seanhannity #Hannity @realDonaldTrump is the only hope to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN

@ukcatwoman52: @ericnlin @AC360 all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying

@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest! #VoteTrump Thanks!

@ericnlin: @AC360 DonaldTrump: no raise in 8 years, home not worth what I paid for it, healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar.  TRUMP 2016

Border agent: We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether

I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately!

It never ends!

I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration, even with criminals

10,000 people in South Carolina, unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it

Really dumb @CheriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!

@DharmaBum77: Donald Trump loves America! He loves Americans! He loves our Vets! #TrumpSupporters @realDonaldTrump

@MaryAnn1942: @realDonaldTrump why vote for Trump? Unlike politicians all talk, Trumps talk materializes! He will make America great again

Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday, February 10th! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

I very much look forward to tomorrows debate in New Hampshireso many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!

Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. #NewHampshire #FITN #VoteTrumpNH

Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days

Join us Monday, February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPolitics #Trump2016

@rkswaney7: @CNN @realDonaldTrump I agree. Great businessman. I like your tone tonight! Keep it up &amp; youll have this Democrats vote

Watch @AC360 on NOW! @CNN

I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on @CNN from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!

Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire, boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll, very nice!

Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I wont let them take away our guns! #Trump2016
Watch:

This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone, a misdemeanor at minimum

@oreillyfactor @KarlRove- as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone

#ICYMI: @KarlRove &amp; @oreillyfactor discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote

Thank you @billoreilly &amp; @KarlRove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch

Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesnt want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!

THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock, Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. #Trump2016

Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
#VotersSpeak:

Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN

Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for deceit and dirty tricks and lies

Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace!

The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!

This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud

I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews

Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified

And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and choice - a total lie!

The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud

Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters

During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz

Ted Cruz didnt win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!

Great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany  @cherijacobus begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! @CNN

On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! 
#FITN #Trump2016

Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruzs far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!

@stephbewitching @realDonaldTrump All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And hes never held office!

@restorereality  Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward, run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday. America needs you! #TrumpTrain

@ellenEspence @realDonaldTrump Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won

@93101Dianne @realDonaldTrump if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing

@LoreWestphal @realDonaldTrump You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!

@Morning_Joe  @mikebarnicle on @realDonaldTrump: He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro

I dont believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!

I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd

The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!

Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor

My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldnt do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice

It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Join us! #CaucusForTrump
11am WATERLOO: 
1:30pm CEDER RAPIDS:

@DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; his wife @MrsVanessaTrump attended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- here w/ Governor @TerryBranstad

Watch @IvankaTrump show you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video:

So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump

It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#CaucusForTrump Video:

I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with @jdickerson this morning. Enjoy!

I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With @GStephanopoulos  this morning. ENJOY!

If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000

By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing unfairness - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS

Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal &amp; replace. He lies!

Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!

Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!

I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!

@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. When I wouldnt give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz. @foxandfriends

@bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony @foxandfriends

@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!

The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters in violation. They are now under investigation. Bad!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump

#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump
#iCaucused #iVoted

I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace Ive received on the campaign trail. Video:

I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!

THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa! #CaucusForTrump

@gigglemitz: @GeraldoRivera  @FoxNews damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!

@classyexplorer: @oreillyfactor @DRUDGE So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss?

Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump 
Tickets:

@oreillyfactor  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!

@FoxNews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS

Amazing that Ted Cruz cant even get a Senator like @BenSasse, who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator  is endorsing Canada Ted!

@BenSasse looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?  @greta

The great State of Nebraska can do much better than @BenSasse as your Senator. Saw him on @greta - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols

The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?

Thank you for all of your support Iowa!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#IACaucus finder:

They say that if I participated in last nights Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more &amp; would have broken the all time record

Thank you, America! #Trump2016
Via @DRUDGE_REPORT

Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa! #IACaucus #Trump2016

Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU! John Wayne Walding

Thank you!
Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. 
Trump 47% Clinton 43%

Great Twitter poll- and I wasnt even there. Thank you! #GOPDebate

Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!

Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud

Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights #GOPDebate! #IACaucus finder:

Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll!

Thank you for your support!

Thank you, America!

#IACaucus  2/1/2016  6:30pm
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Iowa caucus finder:  #GOPDebate

Thank you for the kind words tonight, @OMAROSA. You were great! See you soon!

I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely.
#ThankAVet Video:

An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebate

Watching biased Charles @krauthammer, a @FoxNews flunky who didnt know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!

Donald Trump Hands Bill OReilly Cable TV Viewership Win- @deadline-

#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:

I hear that @SenTedCruzs $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Teds) holdings.?

20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C

Tennessee GOP Poll

Trump 32.7%
Cruz 16.5%
Carson 6.6%
Rubio 5.3%
Christie 2.4%
Jeb 1.6%

It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! #Trump4Vets

#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:

Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! #Trump2016

What America Needs: The Case for Trump Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord @JeffJlpa1 Available now

@GmoneyRainmaker: I hope @CNN has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching @FoxNews. Watching Trump tonight #GOPDebate

@rkirchmeyer: So @megynkelly brings in #MichaelMoore to add credibility in her fight with @realDonaldTrump?  #FoxNews #ROGERAILES

@BradCross4: @Drudge_Report_ @realDonaldTrump

@chgardens1: @mitchellvii Pathetic attempt to bribe @realDonaldTrump He cant be bought

The debate tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this

@laurencristmann: @realDonaldTrump why do they have so many debates this year?? Also, why is Cruz still allowed to run, hes not eligible

@hollywoodJV: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, why does Cruz hate Canada so much. He should embrace his roots, its a great country  So true!

Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University

@michaelG4NY: new @nbcnews WSJ poll shows @realDonaldTrump pulling ahead of @tedcruz in #Iowa.   Great!

@Rick_Gobbi: @realDonaldTrump ...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is.  GREAT IDEA!

@Plazzmatic: @realDonaldTrump @danpgabriel Sounds like the advertisers want Trump, he knows what he is doing

@_HankRearden: I respected Cruz ppl until this lie. Were just tired of it from your side. 1949z @steph93065   NO!

@dukeofbc:  @megynkelly debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA, not Canada

@CJCboi: @DRJAMESCABOT @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino @Carolde @PlaysTrumpCard Checked YOUR wallet lately, Mr Ailes?

@HaloOneForTrump: @foxnews takes #YUGE hit on advertising revenues by screwing with @realDonaldTrump ROFL!

@Davejager1: @creta_r 9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS

@HenryOray: @CNNPolitics @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump is fighting corruption. Big donors took over Cruz. No to Donors

@gene70: @FireFlyFury @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump And this is the bimbo thats asking presidential questions?

@splashpoint50: @realDonaldTrump Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97% will not watch the debate tonight!

@creta_r: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to watching Donald Trump rally Thursday night on CNN!!

#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:

On Greta, 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if Im not in it. Wow- what an honor!

FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!

Thank you- Lexington, South Carolina!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter, @megynkelly

I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!

I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests

Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?

Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!

The statement put out yesterday by @FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb

I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!

CBSs FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Pathetic attempt by @foxnews to try and build up ratings for the #GOPDebate. Without me theyd have no ratings!

Thank you, America!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation

Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump #Trump2016

THANK YOU! #Trump2016
#IACaucus finder:

Do you think @SenTedCruz knows about @bobvanderplaats dealings? Actually, I doubt it!

Should I do the #GOPdebate?

@bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himselfa bad guy!

Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at  - so important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Why doesnt phony  @bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didnt like paying

I will end common core. Its a disaster.

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@puttster71: @bobvanderplaats The next president isnt on ur stage. @realDonaldTrump is the next president

@AynsFriend: @bobvanderplaats CRUZ IS DONE @CNN @ChrisCuomo

@xXFlame: .@bobvanderplaats Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED! Cruzs favorability ratings are 0%, NO ONE LIKES HIM. VOTE TRUMP INSTEAD!

@realDonaldTrump hits new heights in national poll at 41%

Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37%:

I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @MorningsMaria  @FoxBusiness at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy

@laurencristmann:  @Sharp_Trident @megynkelly it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair

I will be doing @GMA @GStephanopoulos this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doing @Morning_Joe at around 7:00. Figure it out!

@Sharp_Trident: A huge disappointment to see @megynkelly constantly attack DonaldTrump. It has become almost unbearable to watch her show

@WhiteJacketPink: @MyPresidentme @realDonaldTrump just google glenn beck bio. U can tell no education, very poorly written

@DittoPost: @realDonaldTrump @Crusade4Honesty @BornToBeGOP @megynkelly I believe in Trump!!!

@Crusade4Honesty:  @BornToBeGOP @megynkelly  Megan can not contain her bias, its in every show, Fox owners Saudi Prince agnstT

@JackBurtonReflx:  @jdenino1 @DavidWohl @ss I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. Same with The View

@Belizediver88: @CNNSitRoom @CNN  @megynkelly It will never happen. Fox will drop Kelly if it means no Trump. Nobody will watch w/o Trump

@KurtSchlichter: My pal @DavidWohl was just on Megan Kellys show! He digs Trump.  Thank you David, you were great!

@jdenino1: @DavidWohl  @realDonaldTrump    BECK wanted to commit suicide after @ss surgery, clearly is unbalanced!

Thank you - Farmington, New Hampshire! #FITN #Trump2016

Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN

@realDonaldTrump &amp; @HillaryClinton leading POLLS w/ one week until #IowaCaucus ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on @FoxBusiness 7PM

Phyllis Schlaflys Eagle Forum: National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year

Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITN

Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jebs. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!

Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!

Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #s are way down!

I will be on @CNNSitRoom with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est. on @CNN

I will be on Mornings with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours

Find out where to #VoteTrump on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16!
#IACaucus #FITN #Trump2016

Obamas deal vs. Trumps deals-

Join us in Iowa, tomorrow! #IACaucus #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
3:00pm:  
7:30pm:

I will be on The Situation Room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on CNN

I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. #Trump2016 
Video:

IPSOS/REUTERS POLL
Thank you! #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Its time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race

@Rketeltas: Rubio isnt experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump

@red77angelluis: @realDonaldTrump @NeilTurner_ @YouTube LETS GET TRUMP!! GO TRUMP!! USA!USA!

@MrJuuon: #WeAreBernie will be overtaken by #WeWantTrump. We are superior and have more supporters. #makeamericagreatagain #trump

@Knight276:  @C4Constitution trump right again #With_Cruz_you_lose! Nobody supports Canuck Cruz #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  #trump2016

@Tuggers56: @PMgeezer Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Lets elect him,  DonaldTrump

@JoeNBC: From Canada to Goldman Sachs to the kitchen sink, Trump has picked Cruz apart for 2 weeks

@MaryAnn1942: @realDonaldTrump @CBSNews ... You are like Superman, everywhere! But Im keeping up.  Great!

@M0ther0f2kids: @meetthepress @NBCNews @clewandowski Everyone B smart! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY 1 able to best LEAD

@NeilTurner_: @realDonaldTrump  Its time we take America back! No more puppet presidents! #VoteTrump So true!

@keksec__org: @realDonaldTrump You said it best! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Fox News Poll
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN
#Trump2016

New Fox News Poll
Thank you, Iowa! #Trump2016 
#IACaucus

I will make our Military so big, powerful &amp; strong that no one will mess with us. #Trump2016

I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. @CBSNews  Enjoy!

I will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the U.S. @NBCNews  Enjoy!

@deacon6375: @realDonaldTrump i honestly believe you are the only one who can make #AmericaGreatAgain

@noamscheiber: Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Streets investment in Jeb

@snoozinglion1: .@realDonaldTrump Great comment after last rally @rightside on @YouTube Triumph with Trump or lose with Cruz. #Excellent

@CarolBurnett3:  @AnnCoulter I just love the way Ann Coulter remembers your acts of kindness Donald Trump....GO Trump we love you

@snoozinglion1: Full Speech: Donald Trump Campaign Rally in Pella IA (1-23-16)  via @YouTube One of his best ever

Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. 

review-doomed

Word is that crying @GlennBeck left the GOP and doesnt have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock

Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges

Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa

I will be on FOX with the great @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! #Trump2016

@williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!

Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!

For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at  So important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!

A wonderful story on Iowa voters by @arappeport of the @NYTimes

Failing @GlennBeck lost all credibility. Not only was he fired @ FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over McCain

Based on @MegynKellys conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate

Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!

Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!

I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it wont happen!

@AnnCoulter has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!

I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #Trump2016 #VoteTrump

@noamscheiber: Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Streets investment in Jeb. JEB wants Common Core

@LukeBrinker: One year from today

I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!

@TheSouthwasRite: @NRO cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots. @realDonaldTrump WILL be our next President. #Trump2016 #RNC

A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me. #Trump2016

Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets

Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for #POTUS. He could be Canadian Prime Minister

Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didnt disclose. Puppet!

The only reason irrelevant @GlennBeck doesnt like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!

@BrentBozell, one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesnt he say that?

Just watched Jebs ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom cant help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin

Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - whats going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?

Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! #Trump2016

The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting

Just received the new Fox poll.
Thank you, America! #Trump2016

Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers

Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!

New National GOP Zogby Poll
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

New Reuters poll! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

The dying @NRO National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!

Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years!

@WhiteGenocideTM: @realDonaldTrump Poor Jeb. I couldve sworn I saw him outside Trump Tower the other day!

@Lisa_Milicaj: Truth be told, I  never heard of The National Review until they tried to declare war on you. No worries, you got my vote!

After spending $89 million, @JebBush is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name Bush in ads. Low energy guy!

The failing @NRO National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate

@MiamiNewTimes: Poll: Trump has more support in Florida than Rubio and Bush combined

@CyberCiety: #MaryBrigidMcManamon clarified how #CommonLaw is used to interpret meaning of #NaturalBorn #TedCruz

@D: #MaryBrigidMcManamon, Washington Post: Constitutionally speaking, #Cruz simply isnt eligible to be president

Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President. Big problem

@TruBluMajority: #laurencetribe calls Cruz constitutional hypocrite on @WBUR  @pbsgwen @charlierose @jaketapper

#TedCruz eligibility to be President not settled law, says Cruz Constitutional Law Professor, #LaurenceTribe

@NeilTurner_: @realDonaldTrump  With your help we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #VoteTrump

@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump No sleep for the #TrumpTrain!

@realOllieTaylor:  Isnt it time we had a president? Let goofy Glen keep Canada Cruz who cant win. The American people have Trump!

Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldnt have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines

The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!

Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead

National Review is a failing publication that has lost its way. Its circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!

Thank you, Iowa! #FITN #IACaucus
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Why does @Greta have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump

#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you, New Hampshire!
#Trump2016

Thank you! #Trump2016

Thank you, Iowa! #Trump2016

Happy birthday to my friend, the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy!

New Day on CNN treats me very badly. @AlisynCamerota is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore

Low energy candidate @JebBush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!

Sad sack @JebBush has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I wont beat Hillary - I WILL. But he cant beat me

So sad that @CNN and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!

@AmericanAsPie:  @glennbeck @SarahPalinUSA Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border? Me too!

@bigop1: @realDonaldTrump  @SarahPalinUSA

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
UNIFYING THE NATION
Video:

@NeilTurner_:  Youre the only candidate we can trust, other candidates are controlled by their donors! #VoteTrump

Wacko @glennbeck is a sad answer to the @SarahPalinUSA endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!

@AnnCoulter: Trump destroyed Hillary &amp; Sanders moved in. But he didnt destroy her, Trump did.  So true!

New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you! #FITN #Trump2016

Bob Dole Warns of Cataclysmic Losses With Ted Cruz, and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times:

Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN
#Trump2016 #NHPolitics

Thank you, Florida! #Trump2016

15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks!

Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with @SarahPalinUSA to Tulsa- massive crowd expected!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
LIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCE
Video:

@nytimes: Breaking News: Sarah Palin has endorsed Donald Trump in the GOP primary - appeal to Tea Party loyalists

@ron_fournier: President Donald Trump (just getting used to it) Wow, very nice!

I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palins endorsement tonight. 
Video:

Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:

#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ECONOMY - VIDEO:

Palins brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower, said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition

Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that Ted Cruz must be defeated. Big shoker! People do not like Ted

A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Waynes daughter....read:

In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3

Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University, yesterday- @JerryJrFalwell

Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support. #Trump2016

@FreeJesseJames- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon!

On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories

Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my friend @HowardStern a loser- hes a winner!

@tedcruz Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives #TeamTrump credit

Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!

@TheBrodyFile great job on @AC360. Thank you for the very smart and kind words!

@TheBrodyFile Exclusive: @realDonaldTrump Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than @tedcruz  #CBNNews #2016

I dont think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!

Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!

I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd, unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki!

We launched a new series of #Trump2016 videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch:

A great morning with everyone @LibertyU! Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now. #Trump2016

Leaving for Liberty University. Ill be speaking today in front of a record crowd. #Trump2016

Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us #Obamacare

Thank you @IvankaTrump for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad:

@pbralick: @BenKissel great on @greggutfeld @GregGutfeldShow @JoNosuchinsky too  Thank you Ben for your nice comments on debate!

I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled.  Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses

Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we wont have a country anymore!

Big announcement in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally! #Trump2016

Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they wont buy from U.S., rather Airbus!

In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!

Interesting read from Peggy Noonan

Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning?

Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, &amp; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite

Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you!

Greatly dishonest of @TedCruz to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St

When will @TedCruz give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him

Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!

If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?

Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money, does another for votes

Great new numbers. Thank you! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!

Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a natural born Canadian, did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?

Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didnt report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate

The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wifes employer, and his lender, is located there!

Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!

Ted Cruz said he didnt know that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable

Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so

More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct

@FrankLuntz is a total clown. Has zero credibility!  @FoxNews  @megynkelly

@oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing @glennbeck that I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama!

Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!

@GeraldoRivera  Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on @oreillyfactor tonight. You are a true champion! Thank @ericbolling - great guy!

@GeraldoRivera @SenTedCruz got ass kicked by @realDonaldTrump last night-He offended every New Yorker &amp; has no answer to Natural Born issue

Jusr watched  #HarveyPitt on @TeamCavuto - he was great!

Top searched candidate by state, as seen in the #GOPDebate media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush

Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O

WSJ/NBC Poll: Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race. #Trump2016

@_BScarb: Enjoyed watching @realDonaldTrump at his rally yesterday!  Ive never seen the Bay Center that packed!

@ameriflames: @realDonaldTrump @CLewandowski_ no one wants a Bush or a Clinton, they want a straight shooter like TRUMP!

@CLewandowski_: Massive crowd in Pensacola, Florida! Unbelievable! THANK YOU! #VoteTrump

@wpjenna: Thousands packed into the Pensacola Bay Center to see Donald Trump tonight...   A fantastic evening!

Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated

@Bonfiredesigns: Standing with @realDonaldTrump as he defends our sailors and military and Americans in the USA

@melindaross123: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump There isnt anything Donald Trump says that I dont agree with. Go Trump!

@TheBrodyFile: Trumps appeal to evangelicals is real #Trump2016

United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Wont be that way if I win!

Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!

Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why does @andersoncooper put him on?

Why does @CNN &amp; @andersoncooper waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?

@EricTrump- unbelievable job on #FoxNews with @greta. That was better than I could do! #Trump2016

THANK YOU! #VoteTrump

THANK YOU, IOWA! Highly respected @OANN @GravisMarketing poll just released. #VoteTrump #IowaCaucus

Thank you! #VoteTrump

My nomination would increase voter turnout. #VoteTrump 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!

@johnkurkosky: @Carolde @The_Lady_Colors  @DRJAMESCABOT @TamiDurling @AceofSpadesHQ THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT AMERICAS FUTURE, VOTE TRUMP

Thank you for your support last night, Iowa! #VoteTrump #Trump2016 #IACaucus #FITN #IAPolitics

Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Dont release money. We want our hostages back NOW!

Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!

The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!

Just found out that @tedcruz is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great

The #SOTU speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!

The Iran deal is terrible. Why didnt we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTU

New CBS poll. #Trump2016

Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you! #IACaucus #FITN

Such a serious problem for Ted &amp; the GOP. Great doubt, Dems will sue! Lets all work together to solve this problem

On my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!

THANK YOU! #Trump2016

The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!

@stuartpstevens horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Dont blame Mitt! Now Stevens cant get a job!

@CLewandowski_: .@stuartpstevens --failed strategist who cant find clients criticizes winning #TeamTrump. Stop complaining &amp; try winning

Fantastic job on @CNN  tonight. @kayleighmcenany is a winner! @donlemon

Dont forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed!  @NBC

Face The Nations interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!  @CBSNews @jdickerson

@MajorCBS Major Garrett of @CBSNews covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!

Thank you Michael Harrison @Talkersmagazine for your kind words - greatly appreciated!

Will be on @FallonTonight with @JimmyFallon on @NBC at 11:35pmE. Enjoy! #Trump2016

@megynkelly recently said that she cant be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!

New Iowa poll. Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@RinglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same

Congratulations to @jdickerson of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!

Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

So professional of @ABC news to throw out the failing @UnionLeader newspaper from their debate. Paper wont survive, highly unethical!

Great job on Fox this morning @KatiePavlich. I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!

Congratulations to my friend @TheSlyStallone on winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!

Why does @ThisWeekABC w/ @GStephanopoulos allow a hater &amp; racist like @tavissmiley to waste good airtime? @ABC can do much better than him!

Thank you to our law enforcement officers! #LESM #Trump2016

Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!

UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They arent worthy of representing the great people NH

This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed

If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isnt questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who cant win

I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate

Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch

Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!

In the just out @FoxNews Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havnt even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!

@redletter99: Trump pummels his opponents - and the press | SunHerald @realDonaldTrump   Thank you!

I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!

Will be on Meet the Press with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning. Enjoy!

I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!

Im protesting the @UnionLeader from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesnt give them the right to be involved!

(2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it!

(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had

Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person

@JonahNRO, watched on @seanhannity and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you

Thank you, @TheFix- Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right

Constitutional law expert  #Laurence Tribe of Harvard says wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isnt settled)

South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!

Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @CNN - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!

Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!

Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild

#FoxNews Poll - THANK YOU!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Love seeing union &amp; non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their #Dem leaders cant compete!

I hope all workers demand that their @Teamsters reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Dont let them sell you out!

On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!

Not good news for Jeb Bush

Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the @JebBush campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!

@rlbenney: @realDonaldTrump You did great and showed courage going to Burlington. No other GOP candidate would do what you did tonight!

@pink_sprnva: @pastormike7 @thehill I agree with you on this. @realDonaldTrump wont be good. He will be great!

@LiberatedCit: @JebBush Key State Florida Poll: Trump 32% Beats #Rubio-#Bush Combined

@hofmannken: DonaldTrump, wish I could attend one of your rallies, none are close enough. Make America Great Again for my Kids.Thank you

Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing

We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable!

Im leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!

Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on @TheView. We love Barbara!

The @TheView @ABC, once great when headed by @BarbaraJWalters, is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!

Hillary and her friends!

Weak &amp; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!

I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and dont be ashamed of it!

@SenTedCruz Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!

Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!

Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!

I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!

@Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott

The failing @UnionLeader newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!

Do you believe that @UnionLeader in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them, just received:

I will be on @wolfblitzer for a @CNNSitRoom interview today. Please join us 5PM ET

Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!

Dont like @SamuelLJacksons golf swing.  Not athletic. Ive won many club championships. Play him for charity!

I dont cheat at golf but @SamuelLJackson cheatswith his game he has no choiceand stop doing commercials!

HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, @EricTrump! Very proud of you!

Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!

@becker_berta: @longtalltexan20 Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do, attacked the media for all their lies

@ArkaysDesign: @slone @realDonaldTrump Have to get people of all ages out to vote for Donald Trump!

@CompresPhyllis:  @seanhannity @FoxNews I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite. The Don is by far the best

@Kacee50: @realDonaldTrump Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women!

@kristopheryan11: @realDonaldTrump mr trump you were excellent on @seanhannity tonight  Thank you!

@dantegtmeyer: # ISIS Reportedly Murders Spies Calls #DavidCameron Slave of the #WH Video    ARE YOU WELCOME NOW

@Boazziz: . @DanScavino Somewhere in that crowd am I. The Gymnasium was electric, the crowd unstoppable &amp; @realDonaldTrump Kingly

@RubinsteinNel: @realDonaldTrump @pearl_brendan @dphilbs If Trump doesnt win, we may not be able to recuperate America

@trumpy17: @realDonaldTrump gave an AWESOME speech in Claremont tonight!!

@pearl_brendan: @dphilbs if @realDonaldTrump doesnt win, Im leaving this country #Trump4President

I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support!

@longtalltexan20 @realDonaldTrump  I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are!  Cams starting to show crowds at rallies!

@Lucky5713 @NewDay Whats wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!

I dont know @SamuelLJackson, to best of my knowledge havent played golf w/him &amp; think he does too many TV commercialsboring. Not a fan

Wow @UnionLeader circulation in NH has dropped from 75,000 to around 10bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads

@lilredfrmkokomo: @realDonaldTrump My Facebook Groups are all voting TRUMP /4000 people! !! Great!

@marybnall01: @realDonaldTrump watched lowell mass speech. Awesome. Great crowd. Make America Great Again!!!!!!

@ghosthunter_lol: Iowa key endorsement for @realDonaldTrump Cant wait for the Iowa caucus in 4 weeks! #Trump2016

@iLoveiDevices: @EdwinRo47796972 @happyjack225 @FoxNews @krauthammer  Minimizing dependency on China is crucial.Only Trump talks about that

@SalRiccobono: @realDonaldTrump @troyconway Donald get big business back and# MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN FOR 2016

@djw11223: @realDonaldTrump The crowd was HUGE #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@Mark98z: @realDonaldTrump Mr. TRUMP this was your best, most energized one to date. ( and i have watched most of them)... WELL DONE

@samuelghaddad: Wow! Lets hear it for the Factor. Let the truth be known. More are beginning to realize @realDonaldTrump is the real deal!

@thecybermenace: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump hit one out of the ballpark in Lowell, MA tonight

@troyconway: Now 2-more IT Firms going over seas? There is a huge difference between a global economy and GREED! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Woody Johnson, owner of the NYJets, is @JebBushs finance chairman. If Woody wouldve been w/me, he wouldve been in the playoffs, at least!

I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!

@RhettRiley1234: Trump only wins with our votes. we must grow Trump nation and do our part. vote. This is our time

@icareeguns: This #Iowan is voting for @RealDonaldTrump #IACaucus. Thank you for supporting IOWA!   My great honor

By the way, Hillary &amp; the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the 
Al-Shabaab terror video

The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch

Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp; their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!

@barbaraslavin1: @RuthMarcus @washingtonpost bashing distinguished women journalists wont win you votes  She is 3rd rate, a total dummy!

@TINAHILLSTROM1: @FoxNews @KatrinaPierson I love @piersmorgan &amp; @realDonaldTrump REAL MEN w/ an opinion Exciting interesting controversial

@RuthMarcus of the @washingtonpost was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying

@chucktodd said today on @meetthepress that attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before. Wrong - attacked him in 08 &amp; won!

Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch

Thank you for your support in Biloxi, MS! Lets ALL get out &amp; VOTE in 2016, so we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Hillary said that guns dont keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!

Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp; if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!

Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate

Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening

@MMMDigits: Well done #Biloxi....great display of Southern pride and hospitality at @realDonaldTrump event. Fired up and ready to go!!

@namusca: @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump  @DiamondandSilk #Trump is much better than any rock concert! He knows how to fill a stadium

Thank you #Biloxi, #Mississippi! Remember this night &amp; spread the word to get out &amp; #VoteTrump2016!

@Granite_Hope: @brandonstinney How can you deny this fact.HillaryClinton and BarackObama are the two people who made #ISIS a big problem

Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!

Heading to Biloxi, Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump2016

Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. Im not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!

When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!

I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about womens issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!

Hillary Clinton doesnt have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!

Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!

@JebBush is a low energy stiff who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!

@JebBush is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!

Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS:

#VoteTrump2016 &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! THANK YOU for your support!

Thank you so much to  for naming me the 2015 Man of the Year. This is indeed a great honor for me!

The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!

@codyraymille: I have never been interested in politics but because of you I want to get my political science degree. #trump2016  Great!

I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it

@CASuperrunner: @georgehenryw Huckabee is a good man...but he needs to get behind @realDonaldTrump  I agree!

@MEMEoryHead: Im one of your biggest fans Mr Trump and I cant wait for you to Make America Great ifAgain! Never forget you have support!

@JodiL792: We are Standing with you! Spreading the Word...Trump for President 2016!! I wake &amp; sleep praying for you &amp; the USA!+Israel2

@marie7777777777: @realDonaldTrump we love u to Trump Family. God bless you

Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!

@sprinklermanus: @CNN @realDonaldTrump theyre spending millions but youre still going to win - go Donald Trump

@jallenaip: Hillary said she was in a Fog of War as explanation for the lies about Benghazi. No fog allowed in WH. Vote Trump POTUS!

Happy New Year from #MarALago! Thank you to my great family for all of their support

#HappyNewYearAmerica!

HAPPY NEW YEAR &amp; THANK YOU!

I will be on @FoxNews live,  with members of my family, at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!

Do you believe that The State Department, on NEW YEARS EVE, just released more of Hillarys e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!

THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Lets not forget to get family &amp; friends- out to VOTE IN 2016!

HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, @DonaldJTrumpJr! Very proud of you! #TBT

I would feel sorry for @JebBush and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $s of hit ads on me

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@whispers34: Nevada Poll: Donald Trump 33%, Ted Cruz 20%, Marco Rubio 11%...  via @thelastrefuge2  Great news!

@deggow: Just heard a 25 year old man say I would rather work for Donald Trump than Bernie Sandersits time for me to leave this party

@wmsolomon: On Point with Gov. Sarah Palin &amp; Donald Trump

@stylin1188: Donald Trump is running the most cost-effective presidential campaign in modern history  Thank you!

@SenSanders: I have a message for Donald Trump: No, were not going to hate Latinos, were not going to hate Muslims.  I fully agree!

@BretBaier: .@realDonaldTrumps reaction that @LindseyGrahamSC is dropping out of the 2016 race. Your thoughts?

@InsideGym: The Most Influential U.S. Gymnasts Of All Time:  @NastiaLiukin @ShawnJohnson @ASAQ_3   Fantastic Shawn

People ask, why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about @JebBush when he is so low in the polls? Because of his big $ hit ads on me!

@ddpick18: @realDonaldTrump @JebBush @hughhewitt I get pissed off every time I see his ads on Fox. Waste of money! Go Trump!  Many do!

@nikkisue69: @realDonaldTrump @JebBush @hughhewitt  Jeb is such a lightweight

@Luciano031982: @realDonaldTrump Veterans Love Trump But I love the VETS even more!

@Trump2016Donald: @realDonaldTrump @JebBush @hughhewitt Patriots for trump!

@JebBush has spent  $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN!  @hughhewitt

@BentleyforTrump: @realDonaldTrump ALL OF AMERICA LOVES TRUMP! #TrumpOrNobody2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you

A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I predict that dying @UnionLeader newspaper, which has been run into the ground by publisher Stinky Joe McQuaid, will be dead in 2 years!

A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now

Great poll- thank you Nevada!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Im going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!

Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! @SCTeamTrump #Trump2016

I never thought Id be saying this but Ive really enjoyed  @RichLowry on television lately, and he was terrific hosting @seanhannity

Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) is desperately trying to sell the @UnionLeader. Its a loser, and my comments havent helped him much

The dying @UnionLeader newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!

@TruthisAll1: @realDonaldTrump @CharlesHurt @seanhannity Good morning, Mr. Trump. Youre so AWESOME. #Trump2016

@bfb123456: @trumpiowa @PlaysTrumpCard @realDonaldTrump  WOW! FANTASTIC!. WHO KNEW AMERICANS WERE SO SMART? GREAT TO KNOW WERE so smart

@hammetjohn: DonaldTrump - How do u do it Donald. No one could keep up with u at your pace. Shows how hard u will work for us as President

@videosigninc: @realDonaldTrump Keep the momentum going Mr. Trump. All the best to you for the New Year. Make America Great Again ! Thanks

@Hashtag1USA: @realDonaldTrump what do you think of Jeb cancelling his Iowa rally last night ?  I went, he didnt!

Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. Im now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting

@CharlesHurt   You were great on @seanhannity last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

THANK YOU Council Bluffs, Iowa! The silent majority, is silent no more!
#Trump2016 #FITN

Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical

The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper

Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didnt do his failed debate!

I hope @TGowdySC does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans &amp; America!

We need a real President!

Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs, Iowa, later today. Despite weather, rally is on -- will be fantastic! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million &amp; done. Run country my way!

My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C

Minorities line up behind.....Donald Trump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on @FoxNews - he really gets it!

Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!

@LeeMiracle3: @FoxNews @CharlesHurt @realDonaldTrump Trump listening to voters, unlike GOP

@umakemeill: @FoxNews @JebBush @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump

@IJNIPGM: No casualties. Just victory, victory, and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart. We love God and USA

@sunquist007: @JebBush Why do u keep trying to attack Trump? Really dumb strategy! U lose, he wins! #lets make America great again!!!!!

@slone: FLASHBACK1986: @realDonaldTrump Saved a Georgia Farm   Thank you, nice memories!

Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#NHPolitics #FITN

Thank you! #Trump2016

Thank you to a #Trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video:

Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because Im lowering taxes, while he will double &amp; triple them, a disaster!

Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few,  and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!

Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!

The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no  effective raise in years. BAD

If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the womens card on me, shes wrong!

@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump We need a real President to get things done, and thats why we want you!  Thank you

Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginias Republican Party. FAST!

Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid!  RNC

@BernieSanders-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!

The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!

R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!

It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!

@CAC8438: He supports amnesty and now they are so desperate that Trey Gowdy is going to campaign with him

@mitchellvii: My prediction on the Trey Gowdy endorsement of Rubio is that it will do nothing for Rubio and finish Gowdy

@mitchellvii: Face it, Trey Gowdy failed miserably on Benghazi. He allowed it to drag out and in the end, let Hillary get away with murder

@Sir_Max: andreajmarkley: Rubio finally gets an endorsement  from #Benghazi loser Gowdy #Tcot #pjnet  via dailyne

I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!

Thank you! #Trump2016

Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HES DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!

@greta: If the insurance companies are making lots of money and the # of uninsured is still large,Obamacare is a failure since so expensive

A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Story:

Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!

The Phoenix V.A., it has just been reported, is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous, and people are dying. I will fix it

The same people that said I wouldnt run, or that I wouldnt lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say I wont beat Hillary

@chucktodd is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary!

@CNN just announced that TRUMP was #1 story of 2015. Totally meaningless, however, if we dont WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again!

@deedeegop: Thank u Mr. Trump, I look forward to when u are elected next President of the United States #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. So nice!

@JodiL792:  You know whats making my Christmas Great, Family/food/friends&amp;YOU! I HAVE MY TRUMP SHIRT ON W/HOPE IN MY HEART for America

@Jacobsac2015:  @FoxNews Thank you for your tweet today on Christmas. Cant wait to see you as President, Mr. Trump. You are awesome

@ClassySnobbb: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Im reading #CrippledAmerica! Best book ever. Thank you!

When will the Democrats, and Hillary in particular, say we must build a wall, a great wall, and Mexico is going to pay for it? Never!

Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop, I will fix this quickly!

Remember when failed candidate @JebBush said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? Hes spent $59 million and is at 3%

We have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!

@deedeesorvino was GREAT today on @FoxNews  She gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. Have her on more!

Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!

@danielhalper  Great job on @CNN today. Very wise indeed!

@HallieJackson Why didnt you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps @NBC will do better next year-but doubt it!

@YesMrGilbert: @NBCNightlyNews @HallieJackson should have talked to Megyn Kelly about this story  True, a total distortion of the facts!

I am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@meetthepress and @chucktodd very dishonest in not showing the new @CNN Poll where I am at 39%, 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck!

Why isnt @chucktodd using the much newer @CNN Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!

Wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. Its about time!

Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton, a totally flawed candidate, and beating her soundly

Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing @nytimes are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!

Wow, even lowly Rand Paul has just past @JebBush in the new @CNN Poll. Jeb is at 3%, Im at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!

In the ridiculous @JebBush ad about me, Jeb is speaking to me during the debate, but doesnt allow my answer, which destroys him - SO SAD!

Poor @JebBush spent $50 million on his campaign, I spent almost nothing. Hes bottom (and gone), Im top (by a lot). Thats what U.S. needs!

@classyexplorer: @gatewaypundit Jim you fail to mention in your CNN POLL that in the GOP RACE...Trump is leading Cruz 39 to 18...Big Detail

A great Christmas movie &amp; perfect #TBT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Story:

@ihatematt: @realDonaldTrump why is Hillary even allowed to run... Shes a criminal

@ihatematt: @realDonaldTrump why is Hillary even allowed to run... Shes a criminal.  Good question!

Hillary said I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign. I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity

Merry Christmas &amp; Happy Holidays!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Hillary, when you complain about a penchant for sexism, who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!

It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.  New @CNN Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead

Why does @FoxNews give @KarlRove so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump

@FoxNews treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out @CNN Poll. All negative!

The @washingtonpost, which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon, today did a nasty cartoon attacking @tedcruz kids. Bad

The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you America! Together- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Big news just out - NEW @CNN POLL  TRUMP  39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18  CARSON 10  RUBIO 10

We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!

It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!

When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  TRUMP 37  CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!

For those on TV defending my use of the word schlonged, bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM

NPRs @NealConan said schlonged to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls. #Hypocrisy

Once again, #MSM is dishonest. Schlonged is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got schlonged that meant beaten badly

Jebs big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesnt have me answering Jebs statements. He is really pathetic!

Watching @CNN and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!

Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally.
VIDEO:

@schoremis1:  @JebBush The Donald shouldve been named Man of the Year. He dominates the polls, news, talk shows &amp; social media. MAGA!

@qbeacademy: Well Im at 42% and your at 3% .You know Jeb you started over here you keep on moving further and further off stage.  Classic

@JebBushs opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent

Why doesnt @JebBush, in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?

Will @JebBush, in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?

@JebBush just took millions of $s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!

Weak and low energy @JebBush, whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy

@_MSFL_: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpUSA16 A GREAT PATRIOT

@realNevaDie: This suggests that online polls are more reliable so Trump is crushing both parties. @realDonaldTrump

@philmonaco67: @realDonaldTrump 100% Donald Trump Supporter Go Trump Make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN

@daveandlouanns: THANK YOU SIR FOR CARING FOR THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA. I WAS IN NEWMARKET NH. OFFICE

@janienorris22: @realDonaldTrump Got my autographed book yesterday cant wait to read it. You got them scared to death! Love it.. Great!

@TrumpUSA16: Trump is the only leader with plan expertise passion to bring back jobs/companies to USA #Trump2016

Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months, the media panned their cameras!

THANK YOU America! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you - Michigan!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you - New Hampshire!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

THANK YOU Grand Rapids, Michigan! Time to end political correctness &amp; secure our homeland!

@HerschelWalker, thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!

Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there

Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about the video of me being used by ISIS. There is no video

Thanks @AndreaTantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!

A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!

@DRUDGE_REPORT: UPDATE: ISIS jihadists stole tens of thousands of blank passports...   Here we go!

Its the Democrats total weakness &amp; incompetence that gave rise to ISIS --  not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!

Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is last hope for America

Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!

Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!

Hillary said with respect to ISIS, we are finally where we need to be. Do we want 4  more years of incompetent leadership?  MAGA!

I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video

Hillary said at debate ISIS is going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst. She made up story-want apology!

Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!

@msully65:  Tell this knitwit @SpeakerRyan, the ppl want @realDonaldTrump, not him or his choice for President! Thts why Trump has 40%

@drdoucette: #MissUniverse DonaldTrump must be overjoyed that as soon as he sells the pageant it goes off the rails. We need you Mr Trump

@JebBush today said he didnt want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, cant win!

Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@Themyamccurry: Wheres @realDonaldTrump when you need em? #MissUniverse2015

@MissUniverse final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner @IMG. WATCH

My friend, @AriEmanuel of @IMG, bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!

It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!

Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!

@JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!

We need a #POTUS with great strength &amp; stamina. Hillary does not have that.
#Trump2016

@blueeyd2020: @JebBush reminds me now of @BobbyJindal but no one cares Jeb! You lost your chance. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump

Hillary Clinton lied when she said that ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool. This was fact checked by @FoxNews: FALSE

@AniesiODaniels: #DemDebate Q: Who are you voting for in 2016. A: #Trump! Donald Trump! Donald Trump!. #Trump2016

@constant4change: Trump tops Dem candidates on Google before Dem debate

@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump @jonkarl Hillary is so worried because she knows you will take her out! #TrumpRocksAmerica

@DomineekSmith: @realDonaldTrump is the best Republican presidential candidate of all time.  Thank you

@TheRealRyder: You are a blessing to America, Mr. Trump. Thank you for all you are doing! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@twister2445: @realDonaldTrump all I heard from the debate is a pathway to citizenship for all and taking our guns away. #tryme!!

@ofccadjust: @kellyz713 @tedb75 @TeresaC85469500 @MichaelCohen212  Right,  same old political bullshit year after year, #WhyISupportTrump

@GStephanopoulos stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you America! @FoxNews post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll. #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747

See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!

@WilliamESammon1: #HillaryForPrison2016

@nepafortrump: We now LIVE in a #CrippledAmerica but @realDonaldTrump WILL make the USA STRONGER than EVER b4

@thehill: NEW POLL: Trumps massive lead grows in post-debate poll

Another new post-debate poll. 
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE! #VoteTrump2016

The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!

@JebBush has embarrassed himself &amp; his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Weak &amp; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!

I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name &amp; dont be ashamed of it!

@MelindaDC  Dont misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as youll find out after I get elected

As I have been saying. Only the beginning: ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey, 150 European Passports Seized

New Reuters poll - thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

#ISIS is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil!

There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as #POTUS. #Trump2016

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be in Cedar Rapids,IA this Saturday. Get your tickets-

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Will be on @jimmykimmel in 20 minutes on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@GlennBeck got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant

I will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00pmE from Mesa, Arizona - will be talking about the #GOPDebate &amp; more

Will be on @jimmykimmel tonight at 11:35pmE on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina

@EndlessMike03: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor OMG awesome! What time zone!?

@chained111: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor yes sir

@SteelerDan619: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Your the man!!

@2timeslucky: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor You were amazing !

@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor The only person in politics who shouldnt have term limits is President Trump!  Cute!

Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now hell probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ads

Thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!

Will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!

Bill OReilly calls Trump and  campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points

@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesnt have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!

Thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @CNN. It was a good night!

Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!

@insuradude: The fix is in Donald did his best performance and @MarkHalperin @Morning_Joe has Jeb scoring higher? Jeb looked in pain  Joke

Thank you, @FrankLuntz - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016

Were not talking about religion; were talking about security. #GOPDebate

#GOPDebate #Trump2016

Departing for #GOPDebate. Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

@ConradMBlack: Many thanks Donald, and all good wishes in helping to clean up the American government. Honored to be your friend. C

@DonaldTrumpFink: .@GovMikeHuckabee: If  Donald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than Hillary will. #GOPDebate

@JaniBetancoirt: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Pataki needs a brain surgeon!

@RobertH25937464: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Lindsey still doesnt hear Americans! Still at Zero! Its like Monty Python

@twlhb: @realDonaldTrump @GovernorPataki just called you this PRESIDENT !!!   But I dont want his endorsement!

@MrDeuce25: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC DonaldTrump Good were glad he doesnt represent what you stand for Lindsey. You are weak and have no clue

@BillDaley1: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Sour grapes graham. Dont blame Trump because you cant interest voters

@SurfPHX: Geez Mr. Trump, they are coming for you even before the REAL debate. @wolfblitzer asks all negative Trump questions! #Trump

Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!

New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w/ 28%! Dont worry - media wont report it!

@ConradMBlack, what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects &amp; my friend, I wont forget!

#TheRemembranceProject

#JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on @FoxNews. He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!

I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including @DRUDGE_REPORT, @TIME @Slate and more. Too bad dopey @megynkelly lies!

Between Iraq war monger @krauthammer, dummy @KarlRove, deadpan @GeorgezWill, highly overrated @megynkelly, among others, @FoxNews not fair!

I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward -   hope I get treated fairly!

I wonder if @megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!

@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14

@megynkelly, the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews, worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!

Why isnt anyone using the @CNN Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press

Isnt it amazing that @CNN paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13%, 33% to 20% - then doesnt use it

Wow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from @ABC @washingtonpost - 38%.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@piersmorgan: Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history

@LadyKellLiberty:  @AnnCoulter Im in PA near PBurgh. Dad will register to vote first time for Trump. Mom is changing from D to R!

@Carolin42539648:  @realDonaldTrump oh my word what a crowd.. just breathtaking. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #DonaldTrumpForPresident

What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support. #Trump2016

@oreillyfactor, horrible defense of me against highly overrated @krauthammer. I will bring more people into the party &amp; easily beat Hillary!

Why doesnt @CNN use the #CNN Iowa poll? @andersoncooper @andydean2014

Thank you @CarlHigbie. Great work on @CNN. #Trump2016

Thank you @hardball_chris for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Cant believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. Hes paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!

@scottienhughes - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate

@PatrickBuchanan was great on @TeamCavuto @FoxNews. Thank you Pat! #Tump2016

Thank you @WayneAllynRoot.
Very nice! #Trump2016

Another great accolade for @TrumpGolf. Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded @TrumpDoral Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!

Record of Health: 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: The Country Is in Rebellion, Trump Can Kick Down the Doors

Why doesnt @FoxNews quote the new Iowa @CNN Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!

@suzost: UFC President Dana White Endorses Donald Trump [VIDEO]  via @dailycaller  Love this from a real winner!

@Barbara_NC:  Trump did not need 2acquire wealth &amp; power, owes nothing to anyone. Candidates owe their backers

People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!

@ajodom60: @FoxNews and as far as that low-info voter base goes, I have an IQ of 132. So much for that theory. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@LesgartCPA: @jaketapper @realDonaldTrump Problem is I never watched you until Trump started giving you interviews and ratings on CNN

@trumpisawinner: .Youre the real deal. For my money, tedcruz just doesnt cut the mustard. Go Trump! #DonaldTrump #THEDonald

@JPMORGAN2016: TRUMP NEEDS HIS OWN POLL A REAL POLL, IN EVERY STATE. THESE POLLS ARE SO RIDICULOUS.THE MEDIA WILL ONLY GET WORSE FROM HERE

@1rdgreenberg:  @FoxNews Thats why, after your interview, I couldnt watch the panel discussion, which is usually my favorite segment

@energy43: @schnoepoe @FoxNews Not so much fairness as it is about ratings . Megan Kellys hate nightly of Trump is turn-off for FOX

I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!

I did interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss

@TheProdigy3D: Everyone vote for @realDonaldTrump and no he did not pay me for this endorsement

@schnoepoe: @foxnews I find myself more and more drawn to CNN for fairness regarding @realDonaldTrump The Fox News Sunday pundits a joke!

@VYlvisaker: @AnnCoulter  TRUMP HAS STAMINA, HE IS WORKING HARDER THAN ANY OTHER CANDIDATE. He REALLY loves AMERICA . He deserves to win

Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation

A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!

@BernieSanders: ABC News spent 81 minutes on Donald Trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign.  Thats because @ABC is smart!

@danawhite  Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you

People that have read it tell me that @KarlRove book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! @FoxNews should can him, no credibility!

@dragonian3333:  @DanScavino @seanhannity CRUZ doesnt do anything about ILLEGALS and REFUGEES invading Texas

@Yoel_NY: @realDonaldTrump @Peggynoonannyc  As a democrat I have to say, since Hillary is the front-runner, I will choose Trump

@JPMORGAN2016: @realDonaldTrump @Peggynoonannyc TRUMP IS WINNING BY SO MUCH MORE, ITS NEAR 60% NATIONALLY. THEY ARE ALL BIASED POLLS!!!!

@rosemarylowe105: @ShahKourosh @SpacemanChris @realDonaldTrump That is why we dont need a politician to be the next president

@StraightHand: @realDonaldTrump Id pay to watch that - The Donald vs Hillary  Get ready!

@khoges34: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump

@mikepetrella17:  @Peggynoonannyc I agree with Trump. Record turnouts . Theres a lot of potential voters that Trump is tapping into

Chris Wallace @fox at 10:00 A.M

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@CNN @jaketapper at 9:00 A.M

@Peggynoonannyc An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M

@Peggynoonannyc Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!

@Michael2014abc: @Alwaleed_Talal @realDonaldTrump Has your country, Saudi Arabia, taken ANY of the Syrian refugees? If not, why not?

Something must be done with dopey @KarlRove - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Dont fall for it, Karl is a loser

@LoriPatriot:   Son Don Jr. on Fox says Sr. more concerned about the safety of Americans than offending people

@EveWicked: @realDonaldTrump @jaketapper @CNN love you Trump! Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@Latinos4Trump16: @realDonaldTrump @jaketapper @CNN Ill be watching

@ofccadjust: @realDonaldTrump @jaketapper @CNN DVR SET!

I will be interviewed on @jaketapper @CNN at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0  A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!

I will be on CNNs - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE

New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Dont trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!

Thank you General. #Trump2016

A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so

John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b/c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41!

Getting the support of @DanaWhite of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!

@Franklin_Graham, so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!

Thank you! #Trump2016

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!

@loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!

@JenniferJJacobs: Trump: Protect the 2nd amendment...And by the way were going to be saying Merry Christmas again. Iowa crowd LOVES it

@JenniferJJacobs: Iowas RNC committeewoman Tamara Scott praises Trump and asks why the RNC would not be thrilled with his candidacy

@JenniferJJacobs: Trump says he was establishment. I backed McCain he lost. I backed Romney he lost. This time Im doing it myself

@Keeblerqueen: @realDonaldTrump Good Lord ... Donald.. Your following went up so much lately ... Crazy love for you and what you stand for!

@theblaze: Donald Trump unleashes verbal assault on nice guy Ted Cruz:

@ComatoseJeb: I will follow @realDonaldTrump all the way to #victory #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Just got back from Iowa, great people!

I had a great time in Des Moines, Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support. #Trump2016

@MonicaCrowley you were great with @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight.  Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe

Dopey Prince @Alwaleed_Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddys money. Cant do it when I get elected. #Trump2016

Thank you @SeanHannity &amp; @BoDiet! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you! We are at 35% in new Reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12%. Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#Trump2016

I will not let you down! 
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Tom Ridge is a failed Bushy &amp; PA Governor. Him &amp; his friend @KarlRove shouldnt be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!

Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!

Never get good #s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think somethings going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN

Great news in Georgia!  The just out  Landmark poll shows me in first with 43%! Wow

Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland

@chucktodd is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning!  I fixed his rating problem

@Morning_Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time

@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!

Looks like @tedcruz is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!

@Morning_Joe is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new @CNN poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!

Great evening last night in  New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big  territory, great people! Thank you

@BernardGoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor. He just doesnt know about winning! But he is a nice guy

@FoxNewsInsider: .@FrankLuntz Explains Why @realDonaldTrump Has Plenty of Staying Power @seanhannity #Hannity

@FoxNews: @FrankLuntz: Time for the Republican establishment to accept the fact that Trump is not only a viable candidate, but lead is real

@edwards_cristy: @realDonaldTrump I hope that you will be the next POTUS

Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!

In Britain, more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army

Thank you to @Franklin_Graham. I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!

An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you!

Why Franklin Graham says Donald Trump is right about stopping Muslim immigration

Establishment flunky @KarlRove is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary

Dummy @KarlRove continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!

Thank you for your support! Being #PoliticallyCorrect will NOT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!

The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily  on @FoxNews. Many people in the U.K. agree with me!

Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily  for her  powerful writing on the U.K.s Muslim problems

The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest

I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with @Netanyahu at a later date after I become President of the U.S

Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!

Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!

@Megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, shes being driven crazy!

@jimparkey: @realDonaldTrump @donlemon @CNN great interview! Speaking calmly but carrying a heavy stick! Thank you!

Weak and totally conflicted people like @TheRickWilson shouldnt be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!  @CNN

@QuinnLisaq:  @CNN @donlemon . The people do not care what politician said about Trump . We still support him all the way

Great interview tonight @donlemon - very professionally done. @CNN

@TheCarCzarsPage: @TeaPartyCat Youre a funny guy! Vote: @realDonaldTrump

@MisterGoldiloxx:  @michaelUrso2 @FoxNews Megyn clearly was out to make a bigger name for herself and struck first blow. #ItIsntAboutHer

@Ajdx4Sdesq: @CNN @donlemon @realDonaldTrump this is the best interview so far. Honest, well reasoned and without all the name calling

@michaelUrso2: Mr Trump did you deny Megyn Kelly. What is her issue! I used to like her. Cant stand her now. Very little talent! @FoxNews

Thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been @TIME Magazines Person of the Year. You should run Time!

Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas:

Why does @CNN bore their audience with people like @secupp, a totally biased loser who doesnt have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!

@secupp, who cant believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent! @CNN

@donlemon on @CNN at 10:00 P.M

Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina! #Trump2016

I am interviewed on the  @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!

Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis

Haim Saban: Hillary Clintons Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims

The police in London say Im right. Major article in Daily Mail. We cant wear uniform in our own cars

Thank you @JebBush- you finally get it!

Thank you, Piers, they dont know what theyre getting into

@Mayor_Nutter of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!

I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now!

Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump: Complete Refugee Pause Makes Sense

I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany

@mysteriousLoser: @realDonaldTrump did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? Ignorance Yes, he is a crude dope!

@ssheaver: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes @CNN  Wow!

@ray_aub:  @nytimes @CNN People forget the policies of leaders like @JebBush allowed 9/11 killers to immigrate, drive, &amp; pilot planes

Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!

The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. Ill end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!

The failing @nytimes does not mention the new @CNN Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!

@USAforDJTRUMP: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Mr. Trump, you need to get some rest. We need you to stay healthy so that you can be our President!

@YitzySchwartz:  @CNN anyone who hates on Trump hates on America. We are a proud nation lacking a leader. Choose Trump to bring us

Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for Trump according to @CNN!

Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S

Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!

Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false @AP report

Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it

Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe! #Trump2016

Will be on @ABC News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters! Enjoy

The legendary @BarbaraJWalters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on @WNTonight at 6:30 PM

A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results

A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP &amp; ran as an independent

I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!

I wish the @WSJ Wall Street Journal had reported the just out @CNN Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!

Just won IOWA @CNN Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%,  but @WSJ reported Cruz momentum but nothing about the fact that I easily won!

Thank you for the support, South Carolina! #USSYorktown 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@XGNRaging: @realDonaldTrump I hope you become president!

@CRinQC: RT @thehill: New Iowa poll finds .@realDonaldTrump in the lead by double digits

@GeneMcGee6: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity is so great towards you. Just doesnt like people on his show to bad mouth you. He is great

@CharlesMarino8: @3DOT  DonaldTrump preach it brother! First election Ive been excited about in many many years. Since Reagan to be exact

@ShellyPayne4328: @WayneRoot @realDonaldTrump Amen! Looking forward to a happy new year. Its been too long! #voteTrump2016

@LexingtonBobby:  @CLewandowski_ Today, New Iowa poll finds Trump in the lead by double digits  #Trump16

@Truth_or_Rumor: @realArthurSpina @realDonaldTrump Hey Hillary, America will feel much safer once youve failed to get into office

@back2reason: @realDonaldTrump Cant wait for President Trump to put things in order in US. We desperately need patriot with,finally,brains

Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC. #Trump2016

Just released @CNN Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing @nytimes. Thank you Iowa!

The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!

On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown

Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration:

Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!

Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN

I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!

I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!

@washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesnt get that Im good at winning!

@BornToBeGOP @DanScavino  Trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks. America believes Trump will get rid of ISIS!

Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor, 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them! 
#RememberOurVets

Poor @JohnKasich doesnt have what it takes-

Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI

I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!

If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!

The @washingtonpost loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner @JeffBezos power to screw public on low taxation of @Amazon! Big tax shelter

The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by  @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon

N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace

I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said Im a negotiator like you Got standing O-rated best of day!

Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?

Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger @OANN for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R

@WiggintonRandy: @realDonaldTrump He will never say it, therefore he will never have a solution!

Well, Obama refused to say (he just cant say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS

Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying)

Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL

Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!

@homefreeee: @realDonaldTrump He needs to stop all Visas not look at them!

@JFK4701: @realDonaldTrump he is reading off the TelePrompTer.  But that is O.K. in this case

@LivNow: THIS IS WHO WE R REGISTER AS REP ONLINE 2VOTE TRUMP IN PRIMARY :  #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN @Carolde

@10inchpolitics: @realDonaldTrump air strikes? Whos air strikes??

@dboiarsky: @realDonaldTrump MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, DT!

Hope he wont spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!

The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key

Hillary wont call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated

I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff

BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMAS SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!

Gee, @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then, with me,  he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!

May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world, health &amp; happiness! Happy Hanukkah!

I have been saying it for sometime now!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks!

@FieldRoamer: Americas most reliable bellwether county has fallen for @realDonaldTrump  Great story, thanks!

Thank you America! Together, we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016

Wow, @GeorgeWill said some very nice things about me today on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!

I will be live-tweeting President Obamas prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?

@Trumpismyhero: @realDonaldTrump only President Donald J Trump can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@mollymaguires61: @politichick_ @nytpolitics @FoxNews @rupertmurdoch @GOP in bed together &amp; hate Trump.  Win it for the USA &amp; the 21st Cent

@revdojoe:  We will elect @realDonaldTrump for President! We must!

@ShellyLeigh123: Awesome interview. You are always honest with the American people Thank you Mr. Trump!!

@BrookslawBrooks  Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!

@BrianBl43802294 @JohnKasich Trump is not controlled by donors,special interests,Lobbyists like U.Ur a total puppet.Trump is working 4 U.S

So, how did I do on Face The Nation?

Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!

Hillary just said that she will not use the term radical Islamic - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of  Obama &amp; the e-mails!

@CindyBlackwel12:  @dr_tweedy @CNN @JohnKasich AMERICA WANTS #TRUMP    @jaketapper   Politicians are so dishonest!

@JSears68: Poll numbers will go up even more for @realDonaldTrump after Obamas address

@dr_tweedy: @CNN @JohnKasich Kasick message is as muddled and stagnant as his political career. Lied about Trump crowd. Media-he LIED!

I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBSNews at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!

Was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @CNN but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week

Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?

@KatyTurNBC &amp; @DebSopan should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you @GatewayPundit for reporting the truth. #Trump2016

@Pimpburgh2015: @KatyTurNBC @realDonaldTrump just tweeted that you are a third rate reporter. Thats only because Im being nice!

@Maddow, you copied incompetent @KatyTurNBC incorrect story. Im sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy

@KatyTurNBC, 3rd rate reporter &amp; @SopanDeb @ CBS lied. Finished in normal manner&amp;signed autos for 20min. Dishonest!

A great day in both Spencer &amp; Davenport, Iowa! THANK YOU for the support! #Trump2016 #FITN #IAPolitics

Re CRIPPLED AMERICA  -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!

Done by a real fan! #TRUMP

Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@AmericanAsPie: @DiamondandSilk you were awesome at the @realDonaldTrump rally. It was exciting to see you. Two truly fantastic women!

@AmericanAsPie: @DiamondandSilk you were awesome at the @realDonaldTrump rally. It was exciting to see you

@jasthompcountry: @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino Thanks for coming to Raleigh Mr. Trump. I enjoyed every minute of your epic speech!  Thanks

@PattyDs50:  @CwiseCwise1 @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @GOP Yes! We love you Donald!! We are behind you all the way to Whitehouse!!

@ben_techpro: Donald Trump opens up massive lead in national poll   #makeamericagreatagain #wakeupamerica @GOP

@nepafortrump: @CwiseCwise1 @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @GOP #TeamTrumpPA WILL TURN PA from Clinton Blue to TRUMP RED! Team WONT STOP

@curtiscraven76: @CNN @realDonaldTrump keep up your good work Mr trump cause u have my vote

@CwiseCwise1: @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @realDonaldTrump @GOP we are with you Mr Trump. We back you 100 percent

@DanScavino: .@realDonaldTrump #Raleigh, #NorthCarolina! #Trump2016

@bjmgraphics:  @MarkHalperin Trump understands freedom needs defending with full heart and diligence. He will fight for America!

A great night in Raleigh, North Carolina! THANK YOU! #Trump2016

Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts

Good news, disloyal @Macys stock is in a total free fall. Dont shop there for Christmas!

Congratulations, Chuck. Must be wonderful to have Donald Trump as your guest --- #BeCool! #Trump2016

A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing @NYTimes by the @WashingtonPost:

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@JRubinBlogger one of the dumber bloggers @washingtonpost only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?

The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didnt they report?

@marthamaccallum  Martha, great interview with my son @EricTrump -- smart, tough &amp; professional. Thank you! @FoxNews

Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts:

The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!

@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll

@CNN Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks

@RussOnPolitics: The GOP establishment: Republican voters think Donald Trump would be most electable nominee

@aews: Another clip that seems to vindicate The Donald

@MarkHalperin I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said not even close. Only FULL standing O. But dont want $s

@Hot_Steam_: As a professional handicapper @realDonaldTrump is a 3/5 favorite for presidency. #hotsteam #unload

@TomNocera: @realDonaldTrump Your hand must be tired from all the Crippled America books you autographed tonight-one is mine.  Great!

@Jessi_Libertad: Show em how its done in Raleigh tomorrow, President Trump! @realDonaldTrump I will!

@MarkStahlbaum: Great job on OReilly @realDonaldTrump Stay who you are, its refreshing.  #StayStrong

@Kacee50: @realDonaldTrump We cant take 8 years of Hilary or 8 years of establishment GOP!!! We need Trump!!

@GaryT212:  @realDonaldTrump America needs a real leader, America needs Donald Trump for President!

Watch my live book signing now!

I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer!

Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now &amp; be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite

Thank you!! #Trump2016

Thank you, New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week!

Via @DrudgeReport:

Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!

It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing @Politico is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility

Thank you so much for the wonderful article, Robert Davi

Thank you! Vote in 2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you! #Trump2016

CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me at 7:30pm, live streaming!

Why cant @Politico get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!

Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction

CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me tonite live streaming 7:30

@robstanley79: @realDonaldTrump Your the man Don. You make me smile every day. Look forward to your inauguration. Nice!

@2timeslucky:  @DLake66675 @ChateauEmissary @trumpettes16 The more frightening the world is , the more safe we feel with  President Trump

@derektheeight: Will be interesting to see how many times Jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has miraculously been found

@PatrickAnna: @realDonaldTrump You can definitely thank God for you health, stamina, strength, and all the good things in your life! True!

As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection

@politico: Trump: Mideast peace something Id really like to do  | AP Photo

I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!

@Co: CBS reports swarms of celebrators were on roofs in Jersey on 9/11/2001 VIDEO:

@iliveamongyou: @chucktodd APOLOGIZE HYPOCRITE Jersey City 9/11 Celebration Report  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due

@DLake66675: @ChateauEmissary @trumpettes16 @realDonaldTrump his poll numbers jump every time instances like this occur

@Mike05999224: @FoxNews @HowardKurtz @MediaBuzzFNC start backing @realDonaldTrump real change is coming !

@theratzpack: @PattonDivision if only we had a leader like this. We will soon. DonaldTrump will look out for the interests of Americans

Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!

#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police

@SaraGreenwell: @realDonaldTrump #VoteTrump2016 Chris Christie needs to #apologize 2 along with everyone else who doubted u. #TeamTrump

@Blacks4Trump16: Legal &amp; illegal immigration drive down American wages. Only DonaldTrump can fix this. @AnnCoulter #Trump2016 #TeamTrump

@BOSSYtxmar55: #Trump WILL WIN! Hes counting on ALL supporters TO VOTE Then WE CELEBRATE WITH TAILGATE STYLE PARTIES! #TeamTrump

@TRUMPHIANT2016: This country is being frayed by the inept politicians in DC. We need to vote smarter and be more informed.  #TeamTrump

@DanScavino: Bruce LeVell, former GOP Chairman of Gwinnett County (GA) endorsed @realDonaldTrump today. #TeamTrump

@DrRPSmall:  Amen, Mr. Trump! The liberal media morons do indeed owe you an apology! Bravo,sir! Your friend and supporter #DocinMich

@iceblink62: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, the Establishment both sides are out to stop your presidency, and the American people! True!

@thumpmomma: I likewise saw militant Muslims burning our flag and burning George Bush photos and figures, right after 9/11! Not#here!

@MichaelCohen212:  @BreitbartNews @NewDay @CNN @ABC @NBCNews yet, ChrisChristie claims absolutely did not happen in #NewJersey. #wrong!

A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now &amp; join my live streaming book signing on 12/3

California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!

Thank you CBS &amp; Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses. 
#Trump2016

I beat Hillary in the new @FoxNews Poll head to head.  SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

LIVE on #Periscope: Live with the Donald

Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook &amp; Periscope!

Illegal immigrant children, non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate

Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm

I WILL BE ON @foxandfriends  AT 7:30 -NOW!

The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. #Trump2016

@ReversingASD: @CNN @CNNOpinion @realDonaldTrump Stupid opinion! #Trump is Winning! why will he leave? dummy!

@fooschamp95: @business @nytimes    Any GOP candidate will lose except for @realDonaldTrump I agree!

@Christo20722105:  @TrussElise Conservatives, Dems, independents alike all want trump. There is no one else. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@TrussElise: #Trump I will NOT vote for Cruz or #GOP. My vote is pledged to @realDonaldTrump &amp;my grandchildren. Pray for the USA

@Dollfinish: @AgsEliza @Citizens4Trump @realDonaldTrump ***Howard Stern Caller day after 9/11

@iluvbks1: @realDonaldTrump I live in NJ &amp; youve got that right! NJ wants ChrisChristie OUT of NJ! #tellingitlikeitis

@HyperbolicX: @realDonaldTrump I just signed up in support of your campaign on your website

@joyciej2: @realDonaldTrump Have a great rally !!!#Trump2016

@KathyPica1: @DanScavino @CarmineZozzora  @realDonaldTrump YES HE IS &amp; SHOULD APOLOGIZE All people trying 2 take Trump down, not a chance

Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun

You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates

Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?

Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm

What is Obama thinking?

Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to @realDonaldTrump

Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies?

Jamiel Shaw was incredible on @foxandfriends this morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop!

I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!

A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order &amp; join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3

A great night in Macon, Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3

Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!

We need a great leader- now!

We better be vigilant, careful, and strong

The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll #s. More concerned are DemsI beat Hillary heads up!

How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!

Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!

@charlottepturn: @Morning_Joe THERE WERE NO VIDEO CELL PHONES!IS AreUall looking4bonus?Near StJoes Hosp Paterson NJ Arab area outside celeb

@wzpd8z: Mr. Trump, Chuck Todd is a moron, all kinds of youtube videos showing muslims celebrating 911. I would show it on your ads

@wompol: @realDonaldTrump @CNN we also saw numerous (since scrubbed) videos of celebrations on 9/11

When will @CNN get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesnt have a clue! Others bad also

@BeckyOmz: @JuvenIle  @thehill We could use a new era of greatness! America needs to return to its place in the world--leading!

@Barber2012Jeff: @realDonaldTrump John Kasich-it didnt work Im still voting for #Trump John has done so poorly in the debates hes done!

@ThisWeekABC: Maria, why do you work with such dummies as Cokie Roberts, @BillKristol, @mattbai? You can do much better! @MariaTCardona

@lee_richter:  TRUMP will make America SAFE again...He will make America LEGAL again...He will make America GREAT again! #Trump2016 USA

@Dmsrcmc12Bob: @realDonaldTrump They should all get on the Trump train!  So true!

@Born2RunJosh: @realDonaldTrump @Antonio92692 @CNNPolitics Trump for president! #TRUMP2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@Rketeltas:  Every time Trump is gracious enough to do a MSM interview he gets ambushed with nonsensical questions, why is that

@Antonio92692: @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump TRUMP IS THE SMARTEST AND BEST MAN TO SAVE AMERICA.   Thank you!

@johnwilson12511:   @realDonaldTrump is Up! Up! Up! No other candidate is even close!! #Trump2016 #POTUS

Great job @MariaTCardona on @ThisWeekABC. You made kooky Cokie Roberts and @BillKristol look even dumber than they are. You will be right!

@boogiefinger: @realDonaldTrump @meetthepress @chucktodd Chuck doesnt know that 100,000 x 2 = 200,000

After my meeting with the pastors, its off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!

Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event

Just watched Cookie Roberts on @ABC. Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case

@thatx209xguy: @realDonaldTrump @DailyCaller Trump is our last hope to make America great again. #Trump2016 So true!

@Asmurfinmypants: I cant wait to vote for @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@DailyCaller: How High Corporate Taxes Lost America The Worlds Next Biggest Drug Company

@Allibiis: @realDonaldTrump @ArtPar17 @CNN story is bogus. Donald Trump has the most diverse group of voters/supporters in the GOP field

@CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring

@Pablo44x: @CNN @realDonaldTrump Another hit piece by CNN. What? Were not biased!

I will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!

@ArtPar17: @CNN   Your story is a total fraud  I agree!

@JacoH: @CNN @realDonaldTrump I cant believe how low CNN can go. Obviously a bunch of Killary fans. @CNN only says negative-bad reporters

The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. Its going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!

@CNN Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her  on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words

@buckleybro40:  @RichLowry @maggieNYT @TheFix @pbump @realDonaldTrump so great in Sarasota, FL! #TurntTrump Were following T all the way!

@nobaddog: @RepBJNikkel @CindyBlackwel12 JohnKasich  All you career Politicians are shaking in your shoes for fear Trump gets elected

@Jameslauer6: @David360NC @azblonde2015 NOWS THE TIME 4 CHRISTIANS TO GET OUT THE VOTE BIG TIME TO SAVE CHRISTIANITY ONCE &amp; 4 ALL. TRUMP

Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5,000, a record, but 12,000 showed up! Great love in the air!

We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier &amp; will be landing soon! See you there. #Trump2016

@munciewolves: @realDonaldTrump America backs you. Your our next President!!!! Thank you!

Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the  American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota

The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I dont know what he looks like and dont know him!

I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@Trump2016online: Live Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Sarasota, FL Nov 28 - 12:00 PM (EST)  #Trump2016 #RobartsArena

@tweetybird2009: @GulfWarVet123 Thats why @realDonaldTrumps THE MAN. CANNOT BE BOUGHT BY #Establishment #Media #PUNDITS. #TheyRMad

Pollster Trend 
National GOP Average
223 national polls &amp; 33 pollsters.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@MargaretCrowth1: @realDonaldTrump Incompetence now the norm. NYTimes is an example. Need competent leader as role model. Trump2016

@reallyo1: @realDonaldTrump @MarkSimoneNY Dont let the jackals in the media trip u up. Their getting desperate

@MargaretCrowth1: @realDonaldTrump So like the media to make something out of nothing. Dont let them sidetrack from the message

@DeusVultGeorgia: @MingBlueTeaCup @RickCanton @_Holly_Renee @realDonaldTrump should the reporters dishonesty be shielded from ridicule?

@VaughnVhalen: Donald Trump Rises to 38% Nationally; Ted Cruz Edges into 2nd at 12%

@MarkSimoneNY: Great twitter quote about Donald Trump: Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media

@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump If you combine the business models for both Macys &amp; the NY Times, both are on a rapid decline, such a pity

@pthebnyc: @realDonaldTrump @Sari_Swensen @nytimes no need to explain, Sir. Weve got your back.  Thanks!

@BeezakaMrB: @realDonaldTrump Shopping @Macys is NO LONGER a family CHRISTMAS TIME tradition in my house. Great, a very disloyal chain!

The failing @nytimes should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles, today2!

I do not know the reporter for the @nytimes, or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!

Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016

@PrisonPlanet: .@realDonaldTrump gets it. Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended  media

Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The numbers at the @nytimes  are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!

So, since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!

The dopes at the @nytimes bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb

The @nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!

@RioSunny3: @realDonaldTrump @WKRG I lived in New Jersey at that time and witnessed all that as well

The failing @nytimes should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!

@Keeping__Real: So good to see the @realDonaldTrump family out with him on the campaign trail! It really shows the family man that he is!

Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI
 via @WKRG

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY &amp; @realDonaldTrump IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE! WE SAW IT!

@realdctaylor: The Establishment is afraid of @realDonaldTrump. Once we try a business man we may never want a politician again! #TeamTrump

Thank you for your continued support!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@KarlRove just totally bombed on @Morning_Joe. @FoxNews has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser!  Fox should dump Rove

@FranMFarber:  @Morning_Joe @FoxNews @morningmika did not say very nice things about you this morning on her show. Typical liberal! True!

@jbclemson: @realDonaldTrump @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Bombed is an understatement. Pathetic attempt by #GOP. Rove embarrassed himself

@raider8381:  @Morning_Joe @FoxNews   America wants DONALD TRUMP! TV Heads still refuse to embrace that reality! Media are LIARS

@patty_laughlin: DonaldTrump @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Never thought much of Carl.. Make America Great Again Trump for President 2016

@DonnySmith557: @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Karl is a total joke!!!! If he didnt have the Bush family and Fox he wouldnt have anything! !

South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!

Why would @greta use @KarlRove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!

@idawhannadoyou: @realDonaldTrump @OANN Love it. Wish I could get @OANN I hear good things about them such as objective unbiased reporting

@GlendaAhrens: @realDonaldTrump @OANN Fantastic winning all the way to WH #Trump2016

@MichaelCohen212: .@realDonaldTrump @OANN no one is even close to #Trump

Myrtle Beach, South Carolina 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!

@PatSheldon10913: @realDonaldTrump had a great time in Myrtle Beach tonight

New @OANN national poll released. Thank you America! #Trump2016

Thank you for your nice words @MikeNeedham @Heritage for the nice words on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. #FNS #Trump2016

What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out

@BradPaisley came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy

@cecki: Leave our candidate @realDonaldTrump alone! Do not embarrass yourselves further

@Maryland4T: @SmallBiz4Trump Keep up the good work! Americans of ALL kinds are rallying behind jlDonaldTrump to help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@Nick95B: @realDonaldTrump Ill only vote for TRUMP! If eGOP screw things up I wont vote for ANY republicans; ANY

@AnnCoulter: If you run anyone but Trump, Hillary wins. So Rubio, Christie, Jeb! &amp; Kasich must hate the country

Will be doing @seanhannity at 10 PM on @FoxNews.  As always with Sean, will be interesting!

Heading to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Really big crowdso much to talk about!

Republicans must stop relying on losers like @KarlRove if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!

@Good2bqueen67: .@realDonaldTrump @Sandikay60 I enjoyed the speech so much tonight, you were on point  Sir!  Thanks

@Sandikay60: @realDonaldTrump it was awesome! #Trumponly. Great crowd! Wonderful

@Port3Star: @JDiamond1 @CNNPolitics You know he has great vision. The very best. Many people have told him so. Thousands of people!

@JeffPage5: @realDonaldTrump @WSJ @GOP theyre finally gettin the message, were fed up &amp; were not going establishment

@David360NC: We have a voice with DonaldTrump, Lets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TeamTrump

@beingmesuzieeJ: @realDonaldTrump... You ROCKED IT AGAIN IN OHIO!!!! Come to Nebraska.. Please!! Trump 2016!! Thanks and I will!

Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!

@iliveamongyou:  @BostonGlobe: Ben Carson advisers say he struggles with foreign policy

@DonnySmith557: @realDonaldTrump Everything Mr. Trump touches turns to gold, what a great negotiator! !!!!! Thanks

Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!

Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Cant debate, loves #ObamaCare--dummy!

@WSJ reports that @GOP getting ready to treat me unfairlybig spending planned against me. That wasnt the deal!

Via @washingtonpost 9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right!

When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal @Macys was to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacys

Hillary, there is nothing to laugh about-

Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!

@AP has one of the worst reporters in the business -- @JeffHorwitz wouldnt know the truth if it hit him in the face

@AP continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancyaint working!

@MatthewJDowd thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on @BarbaraJWalters. My family &amp; I greatly appreciate your kind words

Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what shes best at!

@ny_conservative:  @BarbMuenchen #CrippledAmerica is an excellent resource for the 2016 race #TeamTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@ktd101551: @CNNPolitics Trump gave a great speech in Ala. Whats more important a protester? I wouldnt give these folks 1 sec of attn

@jrpantiques: @realDonaldTrump @TheFix @pbump THE SCRIPT FOR A GREAT WORLD CHANGING LEADER TO ARISE HAS BEEN WRITTEN &amp; IT WAS FOR MR. TRUMP

@bloggerjulie: @FoxNews The reporter is the one who mentioned the national database FIRST and not DonaldTrump. Y not report HONEST NEWS?

@MJP1370: @realDonaldTrump @TheFix @pbump We need Trump now! Obama isnt protecting Americans !!

@TheFix: The Paris attacks have only made Donald Trump stronger   Very interesting!

@drewtheg:  Trump is the epitome of integrity, good spirit, forthright honesty... you pull no punches and call a spade a spade. diggin it!

@jakub_lisa:  @HillaryClinton A Clinton Cannot be trusted!How many xs do we allow them to disgrace this country? #NoClintonInWHEverAgain

@SeanSean252: @WayneDupreeShow @Rockprincess818 @CheriJacobus

@heiressarts: @realDonaldTrump By going after you, Jindal also lost the LA governor race! Politicians Beware

Great poll numbers! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!

13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it?  WE NEED THE WALL!

Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!

Big new @ABC Poll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week with @GStephanopoulos. I will be interviewed on show!

@GStephanopoulos just announced that I am leading  BIG in the new @ABC Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show

Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M

I find that @Reuters is a far more professional operation than @AP

ccolvinj @AP is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage

@iliveamongyou: URGENT @GOPin an effort to destroy their own front runner. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain   I HIT BACK!

@2timeslucky: @steph93065 @FoxNews Kimberly G. hosted Greta last nights&amp; told the TRUTH about Trump!

@TomLydon: What Financial Pros Can Learn from Donald Trumps Communication Style  @DanSondhelm Very nice, thanks!

@boreed615: Donald Trump retakes lead in GOP race; Ted Cruz makes gains: poll:  # via AOL

@Ma1973sk: Great family. Great interview @realDonaldTrump !

@marklevinshow: Well said

@WayneDupreeShow: Its clear that Donald Trump was NOT even talking about a Muslim Database!

@FortuneMagazine: Do successful CEOs sleep less than everyone else?

@foxnation: Report: #DonaldTrump Heckler Convicted Of Attempting To Blow Up Marine Recruitment Center

@politico: Palin on 2016: I think it would come down to Cruz and Trump!   | Getty

@GStephanopoulos: Ill talk to Donald Trump about his comments on Syrian refugees, and much more, Sunday on @ThisWeekABC

@THR: Trumps Wife, Children Open Up About GOP Candidate: Theres No One Else Like Him

@heytana, great job - we are all proud of you!

Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!
#LEO #LESM #Trump2016

Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham, Alabama! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Its too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats Family Leader dinner. Next year Ill try &amp; be there- and theyll have a huge crowd!

Thank you John Nolte for 
wonderful analysis &amp; reporting

Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, &amp; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope its not true, theyre so easy to beat!

So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you @BreitbartNews

A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me

Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild

To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire &amp; dropped out the next day. Such a waste!

Were stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!

People are really liking my new book, Crippled America. Check it out!

@tas0727: @realDonaldTrump Make America Great again vote Donald Trump

@jaazee1: @CNN anchors shocked that DonaldTrumps  comments resonate with GOP base will go apoplectic that he does with democrats too

@thetylerjames9: @realDonaldTrump cannot be bought! Therefore he cannot be silenced!

@RustyBlissUSA:  @realDonaldTrump were ready to thwart the establishment attempts in the Buckeye State. #Trump2016 #TeamTrump

@TLCastle: @realDonaldTrump Do you plan on making any campaign stops in West Virginia? YES, soon

@RenaSummersLtd: Watched @ABCNetwork special tonight! You have such amazing children. Lots to be proud of! Love your wife! Class Act!

@michaelglassner: A GREAT DAY in South Carolina for DonaldTrump &amp; #TeamTrump! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@realkingrobbo:  @hotroddergirl Youre the hero America needs! #Trump2016  Thank you, I only want to make America great again!

@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump Your family is a better watch than the Kardashians by a mile! Cute!

@hiddenspeed42: @AY4WEB  No pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again!! Thats his promise to us!! We love u trump

@TCash78: @realDonaldTrump @VincentKunicki @kimguilfoyle @FoxNews he will make America great again

@realkingrobbo: @realDonaldTrump @Greg39529063 @ABC2020 @ABC @BarbaraJWalters the best man for the job! Thanks!

@ClassySnobbb: @realDonaldTrump AMAZING interview. You and your family will be great role models for America!!!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@Greg39529063:  @ABC2020 @ABC @BarbaraJWalters Watching now! Great! Always true to his word and the USA! A real leader! So nice to hear!!!

@hotroddergirl: @realDonaldTrump trump 20/20 shows just what hard work and good family can do. Blue collar with you

@VincentKunicki: @realDonaldTrump @kimguilfoyle @FoxNews Long live Donald Trump our next Ronald Reagan!!! God bless you we need you Nice!

Join us at 10pmE on @ABC2020 @ABC with @BarbaraJWalters! #MeetTheTrumps #ABC2020

#ICYMI: I joined #OnTheRecord with @kimguilfoyle on @FoxNews this evening. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@2timeslucky:  No one can take @realDonaldTrump down because it is the WILL of the people for him to win!

@JamesPWilson1: @realDonaldTrump When you become president, we will avenge all of the innocents who isis killed

@mia_liner: @GSRPygmies  @realDonaldTrump Trump supporters are a very loyal breed! We see the truth, only Trump can fix this mess we are in

Looking forward to watching the legendary @BarbaraJWalters interview my family (and me) tonight on @ABC at 10:00. Many things to talk about!

@smith_jere: @realDonaldTrump You are amazing Mr. Trump! Thank you!!!  So nice

Tune into the legendary @BarbaraJWalters at 10pmE on
@ABC2020 tonight. #MeetTheTrumps for a full hour @ABC #ABC2020!

@washingtonpost  @BretBaier  Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!

@The2ndguardsUS: @realDonaldTrump ROLL TIDE

@samsellars: @realDonaldTrump North Carolina. Come on down.  Will be there very soon!

@meganweaver321: @realDonaldTrump Alabama loves you  Great!

@Unicurls: @realDonaldTrump Ill be in attendance. #YUGE #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #bamaforTrump  Nice!

@GeraldSoelz: Awesome news. Keep your focus on the issues. You just might get more blue collar Democrats to vote for you than Reagan

@Gracematters Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes

Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!

@HillaryClinton is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS!

The legendary @BarbaraJWalters interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on @ABC2020 . Dont miss it!

@BilldeBlasio should focus on running #NYC &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, &amp; not be so focused on me!

Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., &amp; probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC, @BilldeBlasio, just called me a blow hard!

Thank you for a great afternoon, South Carolina! See you next Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

I didnt suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America

Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength-

My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters tonight @ABC - 10pmE

@mkhammer, a Fox contributor, isnt smart enough to know what is going on at the border. @TheJuanWilliams made the point far better!

Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!

The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!

The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders MASTERMINDS. Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!

A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum! #Trump2016 #IAForums

John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining peoples lives. A total failure!

Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud!

John Kasich fell right into President Obamas trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!

Doesnt help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else  - hes almost last

I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easyhe came in dead last!

Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!

Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!

I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I dont want to waste my money

John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!

John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me

Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign &amp; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me

The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Dont miss it!

Thank you Worcester, Massachusetts!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Just the beginning &amp; it is going to get worse. Rates &amp; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it

I told you! Premiums are soaring! #RepealObamacare #Trump2016

Thank you for your support! Together we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016

The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!

Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp; the wall. After Paris, theyre all on the bandwagon

Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL!

@FoxNews New Hampshire Poll: @realDonaldTrump Rules GOP Race in New Hampshire. Trump 27, Rubio 13, Cruz 11, Bush 9, Carson 9, &amp; Kasich 7

Via Politico: Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll

Very nice article from Daily Mail

Great New Poll

How does Ben Carson survive this problem  really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times

@KatrinaPierson: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016   Katrina, great job on @FoxNews last night!

Thank you for all of your support! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016

The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 10:00 on ABC

@Ashevillelaura: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Obama has no credibility on terrorist threats &amp; ISIS. Trump best to protect us

I will be interviewed by  @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @FoxNews . Much, much, much to talk about!

Melania and I just had interview with the legendary @BarbaraJWalters. Watch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS @WNTonight

@AP is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible &amp; highly inaccurate. Sadly, they are now irrelevant!

One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great @AP. They have lost their way and are no longer credible

What is our President doing?

GOP Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep Our Country Safe

Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?

I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat

So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016

Just received a copy of @SarahPalinUSA new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person

Great poll numbers out of @UMassAmherst. Thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Just leaving Knoxville, TN --- what a crowd, what amazing people! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter

I agree! The headline says it all. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Discussing #SyrianRefugees with @EricBolling on @FoxNews back on 10/3/2015. #ISIS

Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. Its all very simple, we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Republicans must stop listening to dopes like @KarlRove who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong!

Wow, @Macys shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties &amp; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!

Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root

Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now theyre attacking the oil

@SarahPalinUSA: From St. Patricks Cathedral, NYC: blessings, prayers and heartfelt concern for those in Paris

@StreetR77:  @JohnLegere @TMobile didnt know he was CEO of tmobile, I have T-Mobile, its pathetic, dropped calls, no service

Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!

President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!

@JohnLegere  @TMobile  John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers

@peg4cats: @TerryLambert201 @realDonaldTrump you are so right. I only trust Trump to be tough on immigration

@760_831: @DanSaltsman @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 @IvankaTrump  I have faith he will win and save America

@760_831: @DanSaltsman @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 @IvankaTrump i have faith he will win and save America

@Parker_Votes: We finally have a voice with  Lets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY, 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy

@syoka68: Reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated. We SO NEED YOU, MR. TRUMP! Make America Great Again

@davenorthYV: Does anybody ever realize that HillaryClinton doesnt make eye contact with anyone, even the camera. Thats a sign of lying

@RealReagan0503: If you missed it, here is the most popular link among people I follow  by @realDonaldTrump

@Hturne:  @VanityFair  Youre spot on! He tries 2b an intellectual elitist.The truth: he has a low IQ, no imagination, no creativity

Glad to see that @RondaRousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!

I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at @VanityFair Magazine. He is a total loser!

@VanityFair Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of its former allure!

@USATrumpDiva: Donald Trump surges in poll among likely Republican voters

@mholsbunes: Donald Trump says tough gun control laws in Paris contributed to tragedy:  Presidential candidate??

@thewatcher23579: One of Paris terrorist came as Syrian refugee. Donald Trump is right again. BOMB THEIR OIL - TAKE AWAY THEIR FUNDING

We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!

@realDonaldTrump on ISIS&amp;OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! @AndersonCooper, you should acknowledge this! #Trump2016

When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  cant say it, and unless he will,  the problem will not be solved!

@mnrosrnr: @realDonaldTrump the best book Ive read in years, Trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas, a true economic genius

@TejadaDennes: @realDonaldTrump Crippled America is an incredible book! People need to read truth. #HispanicsForTrump #DemocratsForTrump

@tasteofaz: Poll: Trump Surges to 42% Nationally; Bad News for Marco Rubio  @realdonaldtrump  Great news!

I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!

Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  African American youth - 51%

Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? OMalley is a clown

Why wont President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isnt it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!

@Oliviaand24: @realDonaldTrump TrumpOn America needs you in office Now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@redletter99: @realDonaldTrump I absolutely love this, cant wait till u debate Clinton

@TomRichey: Enough of these party debates. What I wanna see is a @SenSanders vs @realDonaldTrump one on one debate! That would be easy!

@jaslohr_: @realDonaldTrump are you watching this circus?!? #DemDebate what a joke! #Trump2016

@jcooper75: #DemDebate this debate stinks. CBS News, major fail. @realDonaldTrump

Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him! #Trump2016

@MikeOG_: @realDonaldTrump was right! close the borders! #Trump2016

@Gman0623: @realDonaldTrump @HaloOneForTrump @FoxNews @CNN @GOP I love you Trump! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@shawnlivinlife: I still havent heard the WH say the words islamic terrorist. Call it what it is. #Trump2016 cant happen fast enough

@HaloOneForTrump: @realDonaldTrump has what MONEY CANT BUY: VISION &amp; LOYAL &amp; MOTIVATED SUPPORT! #veterans #military  @foxnews @cnn @GOP

@jrpantiques: @realDonaldTrump @ABCinSC @KatrinaPierson THE WORLD IS PLAYING EVERYTHING RIGHT FOR TRUMP! EVERY DAY HIS POINTS ARE PROVEN

@dlt912: @realDonaldTrump you definitely have my vote!

@ABCinSC: @realDonaldTrump - a tough man for a tough job in tough times. Gloves off, game on!

@Mario_Posillico: @realDonaldTrump you need to win for not just America, but for humanity

We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!

President Obama said ISIL continues to shrink in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE

My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all

Boy is this guy @ShepNewsTeam tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter, he should be ashamed of himself! #Trump2016

They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016

Thank you @JakeTapper for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016

Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better!

@seanhannity  Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad

@CarlyFiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!

@CarlyFiorina I only said I was on @60Minutes four weeks ago with Putinnever said I was in Green Room. Separate piecesgreat ratings!

@CarlyFiorina  Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper &amp; pathological disease. I didnt say it, he did. Apology?

@CarlyFiorina CarlyI did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?

@CarlyFiorina Carly, not just you, I also told Gov. Kasich to let Jeb talk, give him a chance because Kasich was constantly cutting in

@DRUDGE_REPORT: REUTERS 5-DAY ROLLING POLL: TRUMP 34%, CARSON 19.6%, RUBIO 9.7%, CRUZ 7.7%... Thank you - a great honor!

Happy Friday the 13th

Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support @IowaCentral &amp; @ethanolbyPOET this evening! #Trump2016 #IACaucus

First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

I will be on @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett at 7PM. Tune in!
#Trump2016

I will be on with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM. #Trump2016

Macys was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed! #BoycottMacys

Thank you @Forbes for showing the @WSJ was wrong. So dishonest!

From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!

Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said  he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship

Total fool @KarlRove is part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk, no action dummy!

@WSJ and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal

Why does the failing @WSJ write a false editorial about me and let dummy @KarlRove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?

@KarlRove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%

We, as a country, either have borders or we dont. IF WE DONT HAVE BORDERS, WE DONT HAVE A COUNTRY!

Why wouldnt the @WSJ call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!

When and how are the dummies at the @WSJ going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want smart trade deals

The @WSJ Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate

@WSJ Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later

Todays @WSJ Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door

I will be interviewed on @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness at 7:30

All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate. @krauthammer said I was so, so

@ellenEspence: Im not convinced that any candidate other than @realDonaldTrump is committed to securing our borders. #VoteTrump2016

@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump You will bring out more voters to vote for you than weve seen in any election! Great

@frankieguy85: This 92-Year-Old Woman Registered to Vote Just to Cast a Ballot for Trump

@Christianlord12:  RUBIO sat back during debate on Immigration hoping no 1 would ask him about Gang of 8

Will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM

I will be on @marklevinshow at 8PM tonight. Tune in!

@gerardtbaker Gerardwonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many, really smart and elegant

I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. @CNN @FoxBusiness

Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!

Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work

Thank you @Morning_Joe &amp; @morningmika -- a great show! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job

Will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!

@Rmac747:  Keep up the good work, Donald! Hello from Vancouver where the new &amp; amazing Trump Tower and Hotel almost complete!

I will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

People Magazine: Donald Trump Was Right: He Gave SNL Its Best Ratings in Nearly 4 Years--Plus, What You Didnt See

Thank you South Carolina! #Trump2016

Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016

Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!

@ray_aub:  Funny all the real polls have @realDonaldTrump way ahead

@jspence80: @jspence80: Like him or hate him @realDonaldTrump runs a brilliant campaign for #POTUS2016 !  Thank you!

@curtismuddog: @limbaugh @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump is Hillarys worst nightmare! Just take a look at Illinois rally last night

@JezzaK: If the Trump Hotel Honolulu is any reflection how you would be as President then I think the U.S will be in good hands Thank you!

I will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about!

@foxnation: #DonaldTrump Gives SNL Its Biggest Ratings In Years

@piersmorgan: Why @realdonaldtrump nailed SNL. My new column

@USATODAY: Donald Trump lifted #SNL to its best ratings since 2012.   (Photo: NBC)

@foxandfriends:  Trump helps SNL blow roof off the ratings, most viewers since 2012

@Fox411: DonaldTrump Saturday Night Live episode garners highest viewership since 2012

@BreitbartNews: Ratings were HUGE for @realDonaldTrumps appearance on Saturday Night Live -&gt;

@JimmyGould07: Only one man has the appeal, nerve, commitment, ideas, &amp; motivation. Hes the icon, business tycoon, and lovable DonaldTrump

@burgettn: @AB1132 @realDonaldTrump its the only way we can make America great again

@kniala: @realDonaldTrump Exactly. Marco has no accomplishments

@freedoms411: @wakeuppeopleSOS @mitchellvii  @CNN @ABC @CBS It shouldnt be ignored, and I doubt it will be, Carson will drop in polls

@teed_chris: @Loyal2Trump2016 @TrumpAlabama  @FoxNews Look when you try to kill Your mom,thats it for me ,no walking on water

@KazmierskiR: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr OuTsTaNdInG!!! Is obvious that Jr. has much of his fathers charisma and intelligence!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you to @NYPosts Robert Rorke for the really nice review of #SNL. So many enjoyed it - very gratifying!

Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp; in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA!

Marco Rubio couldnt even respond properly to President Obamas State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp; chugging water. He choked!

Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldnt hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!

A great evening in Springfield, Illinois. Thank you for all of the support! #Trump2016

Great job on @Greta @DonaldJTrumpJr. Nobody could have done it better!

Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated. @piersmorgan

@CNN  should listen. Ana Navarro has no talent, no TV persona, and works for Busha total conflict of interest

@Betsy_McCaughey Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments.  I will help the veterans like no one else

@dlustv: Trump SNL Episode Generates Highest Ratings Since 2012: At the very least, Donald Trump is making Sat

Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!

@TradingStreetCo:Donald Trump Is Ratings Gold For SNL: Donald Trump Is Ratings Gold For SNL...   @FoxNews  @CNN

@Variety: Ratings: DonaldTrump lifted #SNL to a near four-year high.   TRUMP RATINGS GOLD!

@Watchman4the1: Chuck Schumer: Sen Marco Rubio Is Totally Committed To Obamas Immigration Agenda  DonaldTrump

@salyboy3: @realDonaldTrump great job on SNL mr trump, funny funny.  Thanks

@WineChics: Trump Winery:  via @WineChics Always an amazing experience at Trump Winery Beautiful fall foliage

@mcjeff42: @realDonaldTrump you made SNL great again  @nbcsnl

@SpecialKMB1969: @nbcsnl  @realDonaldTrump was hilarious ty we so enjoyed it! #TrumpTrainSNL #TrumpOnSNL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@MyPresidentme: @EricShawnonFox Thats because people are interested in you, &amp; youve got a great sense of humor, unlike Hillary #Trump2016

@tegodreaux: @realDonaldTrump @EricShawnonFox HUUUUUGE

@EmitteLucemTuam: @realDonaldTrump @EricShawnonFox Great job Donald! Good luck from Canada!

@coltsfan322: @realDonaldTrump @EricShawnonFox

@EricShawnonFox Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp; Miley Cyrus. Nice words

Television ratings for @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!

@CleopattraUSA: @realDonaldTrump @nbcsnl Youve got it going on!!! Nothing is boring or low energy about you. #EverybodyRockW/TrumpNow #SNL

At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both @meetthepress by @chucktodd and @CBSNews Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!

I will be interviewed by  @GStephanopoulos on @ABC   at 10:00 A.M

@CNN  Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy

@HillsGypsydad05:  @foxandfriends Awesome time on Saturday Night Live Mr. Trump! Thanks for being YOU! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Thank you!

@justintupper: @realDonaldTrump You are a machine. Success leaves clues. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@nbcsnl - So much fun last night!

@nbcsnl: What a show. Thanks for watching, everyone! #SNL

@mcjeff42: @realDonaldTrump you made SNL great again

@EEGRC98: @realDonaldTrump I am Hispanic - I am with you

@ccakul: @realDonaldTrump it was a great show!

@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump we need you elected tomorrow!

@jackmarchione: @realDonaldTrump Loved the show!

@wakeupfla: Please stand up for American Hispanic families and fight illegal immigration it is destroying USA!

@ChristineMMoran: @realDonaldTrump great show !!!

@redletter99: @realDonaldTrump thanks donald great show,when r u coming back to massachusetts? Very soon!

@David360NC: We finally have a voice with   Lets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy

@martydrinksbeer: @realDonaldTrump It was FANTASTIC!!

@b_ranzetta: The books great @realDonaldTrump #CrippledAmerica

@PearlsPolkaDots: @realDonaldTrump Loved the show! Best #SNL in years! #TrumpTrainSNL

Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M

Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!

I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a tweeting skit, so stay tuned!

@sherrysue66: I am working a #12HR #AMERICAN SHIFT BUT WILL STAY UP 2 WATCH! I COULD USE A SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE LAUGH! #WEU. Nice

@jak00seven: If you like how @HillaryClinton handled #Benghazi, then youll just  her as Commander-in-Chief  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@Waxking911: @CBSNews @realDonaldTrump

@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump You want them here legally and they want to be here legally!

@AmesMoreno: @DesignerDeb3 @garyinlv01 @sueinwny @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump   Wow Marco, is this true?

@BMW_e38forever: @realDonaldTrump so let it be written, so lets get him elected in a landslide victory in 2016!

@RealCinders2: @realDonaldTrump use SNL to tell Hispanics you are for them , you want them to have jobs and be here legally Great idea!

@Albusinvogue: @Sia is performing, DonaldTrump is hosting. Tonights #saturdaynightlive is going to be legendary

@nbcsnl: From the last time Donald Trump hosted #SNL  The Boardroom Band

@nbcsnl: Backstage with Trump. #SNL

@nbcsnl: Everyone loves @Sias new look. #SNL

@nbcsnl: Cecily also has a Trump impression.  #SNL

@nbcsnl: See you at Rockefeller Center. #SNL

@nbcsnl: Were live from Studio 8H tonight. #SNL

@tazz53098: @realDonaldTrump cant wait to watch. #trump for president #saturday night live

@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump I havent seen anyone carry themselves so Presidential since Reagan. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Great!

They are saying that tickets to tonights Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!

@HouseCracka: Donald Trump is going to win the Presidency. Get on board the #TrumpTrain its going to be #YUGE  Thanks

@Live5News: Live from New York, Donald Trump will soon be hosting SNL:  Frazier, enjoy the show and best wishes!

@SocialInNewYork: We unearthed Donald Trumps Vine account from 2013 and its incredible  Thank you

Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy

@RobertGBeckel Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character! @CNN

@essygalloway: @realDonaldTrump @nbcsnl @Sia  I cant wait to watch snl tomorrow. A really big show!

One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of @FoxNews. Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump #1. Dope!

@Bubbachitchat1: THIS IS WHY THE POLLS ARE WRONG! @Hanan_Khan2: I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump! #democratsfortrump

@nbcsnl: One more day! Donald Trump hosts #SNL with @Sia tomorrow.   Will be a wild night!

Would be nice if @jmartNYT learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting!

@BillKristol has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesnt have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!

@FBeadon: @realDonaldTrump dont let the Keystone Pipeline die. The US needs to be good neighbors with Canada, and energy independent

@PhinsDiehard: @CNN  Only Donald Trump can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you!

Will be on @oreillyfactor tonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill!

So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!

Happy Birthday to the great @BillyGraham. Hes done so many wonderful things, not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy!

@swargcoming:  @AnnCoulter @rushlimbaugh @greta @OANN @FoxNews IS CARSON HALLUCINATING? NOW LIES ABOUT WESTPOINT?

@bob_forbes2: DonaldTrump has built a lifetime reputation of doing what he says he will do. He keeps his promises

@pjs307: @WalshFreedom Will be highest rated show ever, @realDonaldTrump is a marketing genius #SNL Hope it does well!

@DefendingtheUSA: GREAT Video. Which of these 4 Polls is Suspect? Kudos to @OANN   #Trump

@eric_wagaman94: Super excited to watch @realDonaldTrump tomorrow night on @nbcsnl #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@bigsampolkcoga:  @GovChristie @MikeHuckabeeGOP @FoxBusiness and they kept Rand Paul on the main stage. Lets get Huck and Christie back

@TrumpsMyHomeboy: @realDonaldTrump @Robostop10 @politico The #MSM straw man candidate is falling apart!

@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump @Robostop10 @politico How anyone could see him as president baffles me. Lies and insane theories

@CaptainMark_:  @Robostop10 KEEP IT COMMING TRUMP!!!! People need to be warned about that Carson figure who is not who they think!

Getting ready for @nbcsnl commercial

@Robostop10: @realDonaldTrump This is not good.   WOW, one of many lies by Ben Carson! Big story

@JimmyForTrump: @insighter007 @OAmericanGirl  All Rep should stand with #Trump2016 Forget Bush, Rubio and knife attackers! #Trump2016

@AJDelgado13 Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts

I think it would be a good ideaand fairto include @GovChristie &amp; @MikeHuckabeeGOP in the debate. Both solid &amp; good guys. @FoxBusiness

Carson now admits his friend named Bob, who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!), no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!

With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - dont people get it?

Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in the @nytimes states that Carson is trying to solidify his lead. But I am #1, easily! Sad

Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure

@rhinostate: .@realDonaldTrump @GrundleMan27 Rubio is a Manchurian Candidate. People will own him if he ever became president

@AliceEngle3: @realDonaldTrump-huge lead in Reuters National poll

@GrundleMan27: Marco Rubio cant even handle his own credit card how is he going to be able to handle the U.S. finances #trump

@reganharycki: @realDonaldTrump its about time we find a republican that can take on the democrats!

@Rick_Sa: @greta Interesting presidential race; Carson tries to beat his mom with a hammer, and @realDonaldTrump beats Carson in the polls!

@DeeMcNa: @FoxNews Silent majority did not try to kill their mothers, like Ben Carson, but wants America rebuilt by only one capable:TRUMP

A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the @FoxNews poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!

@SoCal4Trump: Wow @megynkelly. You openly LIE about whos ahead in the GOP race. Trump is LEADING in 99% of polls. Shameful... #StopTheLies

@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump Ivanka said it and you said it too, youll be great for women. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@chriskyleband: TRUMP Supporters arent Angry Were Smart ! Were Men / Women / Millennials / Politically Saavy

@SandraJenners: I love to see the respect you have shown to your parents, siblings and children. Proven Respect and Class needed in USA!

The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!

@Reagan_Girl: MSM are LYING to you about Hispanics hating Trump. Heres the real deal!  #HispanicsForTrump

Rubio lied about my meeting w/ Hispanic activists. I didnt change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. Shame!

@marklindsay78: @Hanan_Khan2 @realDonaldTrump poll numbers are higher then most think, no one is asking Democrats if they are voting Trump

@TeamSpringsteen: @realDonaldTrump I just finished reading Crippled America. Its a detailed blueprint to get America back on track

@NottaLiberal: @realDonaldTrump @destiny @seanhannity No need, Everyone knows Jeb is full of blank

@curtismuddog: @destiny @seanhannity JEBS! Whole campaign is fueled by lies. Just like his brother lied about Iraq. BUSH DYNASTY=LIES

@seanhannity should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I ran for president twice. Never ran, merely considered running!

@Hanan_Khan2: @realDonaldTrump I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump!!!! #democratsfortrump  Great!

@lizzym420: @amrightnow @realDonaldTrump What other candidate begins to rival Trump in his knowledge, breadth of issues, stamina? Thanks!

@Destiny: Why didnt @seanhannity correct Jeb when he said @realDonaldTrump has run 4 president 2X B4~Jeb needs 2B corrected b/c he lied

@spiritofshiloh: Carson has the WORST health plan EVER re: Soc Sec and Medicare. @realDonaldTrump  He wants to abolish Medicare - no way!

Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio, hes my friend! Pure political speak. Why cant he be truthful and say disloyal guy, no friend!

Also, tune in to the @TodayShow at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and #CrippledAmerica

I will unveil my first campaign ads on @Morning_Joe at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Wow! @FoxNews poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far! #Trump2016

Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!

Isnt it terrible that @megynkelly used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@JoshuaEnglishh: @realDonaldTrump  every single real American needs to read #CrippledAmerica ! Beyond awesome I couldnt be more thrilled

@peter_smells: @realDonaldTrump Just read #CrippledAmerica! Great book! I havent felt this enthusiastic about #America since #Reagan

@LeStudio1: DONALD TRUMP-CRIPPLED AMERICA
The new book by @realDonaldTrump is best seller in the making

@svn2hd: @realDonaldTrump Crippled AMERICA is a must read. So right. Great job on another best seller

@JudgeMoroz: Republicans in Congress can learn a lot from @realDonaldTrump on dealing with Obama! They should read #CrippledAmerica!

@SJavner: Reading Crippled America ....feeling love for our country first, in its pages. Thats why I stand with TRUMP

@seanhannity: @realDonaldTrump on sending 50 Special Ops Forces troops to Syria: This country needs to be less predictable

@DougDWiley: @realDonaldTrump I cant wait to read your new book! We are supporting you here in Boise Idaho!

@nbcsnl: Shooting promos for #TrumpOnSNL with Cecily and @realDonaldTrump

@Mr_Holtzworth: @realDonaldTrump Sarah Palin Defends Donald Trumps Immigration Plan On Fox News  via @YouTube

@JulesSiscoe: The Complete @realDonaldTrump Interview: Getting Things Done  via @bpolitics

@David360NC: @adenunzio We finally have a voice with @realDonaldTrump , Lets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy

@misstozak: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @OANN This says it ALL. TRUMP 2016

@TwallMa: @realDonaldTrump. He is a common sense powerhouse that gets things done! Excellent book!

@norge1956: @realDonaldTrump   Rubio wants Common Core for education

@DJTrump2016: DONALD TRUMP FULL INTERVIEW: Fox and Friends (11-03-15)   #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@ethansimmons111: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump

I will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book #CrippledAmerica and much more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obamas executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President

@LookerCherry: @realDonaldTrump The polls are for the news cycle. Trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the dust, dont doubt me

@realOllieTaylor: @realDonaldTrump @Freedomr@OANN Trump is the only one who can make America great again. Carsons sleepy, Jeb low energy

@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump Your performances in every state have been amazing! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@CharlesGKoch is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail

@Freedomrings22: @realDonaldTrump I Trust @OANN s polls They are actually really Fair and really balanced on all their news Iowa lead!

@JayJohnsonLikes: @realDonaldTrump been here in line for two hours already. reading book while waiting. Ill see you at noon!

@TIMENOUT: @realDonaldTrump Book in hand waiting for The Next President

@freebird_Pepper: @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate speaking on the horrible treatment our vets are getting and he has solutions!

@DianeHauschildt: @FoxNews @freelancer1787 @realDonaldTrump @RealBenCarson

Join me today, Nov 3rd, in #TrumpTowerNYC at noon. Ill be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Dont miss it!

@NickEgoroff: BREAKING: Latest poll of Florida voters shows enormous lead for Trump! Hed beat Hillary!  #tcot

I will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. and @foxandfriends at 7:50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America

@HarpAmyStabler: @FS1 @realDonaldTrump @ColinCowherd this interview is great

@kingster73: @realDonaldTrump Rubio is irresponsible on finances and doesnt show up for work! Who would hire him? Not the American People!

@TdavisTonya: @brucedhendrix @Poetry4Bitcoin  Nope. Trump isnt taking 2 weeks off to promote his book. Trump is donating all to charity

@kemper34: @TheHerd @ColinCowherd @realDonaldTrump @FS1 Great interview. Ranks just above the @JimHarbaugh49 interview

@theBrandonMcKee: Read all about the Wollman deal and many other successful deals in The Art of the Deal by @realDonaldTrump

@shelbycockaxe: @realDonaldTrump Trump is our last chance to turn this country around #Trump2016

@TrumpFix: @meganena13 @robertew2945 agreed Luisa. @realDonaldTrump WILL WIN! This is what he does!

@DDietlin3: @ColinCowherd fantastic job with your interview with @realDonaldTrump today!

Join me tomorrow, Nov. 3rd, at 12pm in #TrumpTowerNY. Ill be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Dont miss it!

My interview with @jheil &amp; @MarkHalperin at @WollmanRink airing at 5PM on @bpolitics

@megynkelly used this poll (nobody else did) when I was downwonder if shell use it now that Im up?

@CharlesMBlow  Why dont you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!

Meet me at @TrumpTowerNY and get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on 11/3 at 12pm!

Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job @kilmeade

@trump_world: The MAN with a PLAN! Go Trump! We got your back!  DonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@Morning_Joe: Online poll: @realDonaldTrump best to handle economy by far   Very true, thanks!

@taurus82409: @Morning_Joe   DONALD TRUMP is the absolute WINNER!! You heads try to talk around him, WHY, WHY??? Go TRUMP!

@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?

Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. @BreitbartNews

@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump @robmont777 @StrengthenTheUS @GOP WE ACCEPT THE BEST. We want Trump!

@DAMRON88: @realDonaldTrump @BornToBeGOP I sure in the hell hope so. Trump please make this country great again

@Truth_or_Rumor: @realDonaldTrump Its not so much that Iran made a good deal, its that Kerry and Obama gave away the store.  O.K.!

@Tar_Heel_73: @realDonaldTrump We shouldnt be surprised.No leadership in the White House.Glad @realDonaldTrump will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@HenryTheZebra: @realDonaldTrump America needs you to start your 8-year shift a bit early to start fixing this disaster

@TheNewsClub_US: RT  @robmo: @StrengthenTheUS @GOP @realDonaldTrump. We The People want Mr Trump #RT #CNN #HBO

@robmont777: @StrengthenTheUS @GOP @realDonaldTrump. We The People want Mr Trump to be our President!!!  Great pic

Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S

@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump 9 years from now we will thank President Trump for making us great again! Thank you!

Thank you @JoeTrippi for the nice, and true, words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12. @FoxNews

While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear:  That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP

Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in #TrumpTower in NYC. Ill be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Dont miss it!

If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!

Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a lightweight

I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!

Jebs new slogan - Jeb can fix it. I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word fix is not a good one to use in politics!

Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio  READ THIS:

Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singers, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs cant win

@BellicWolf: @and_is_w Anyway, for me the most original costume was Donald Trump like President!!!!

@Michael_0000: [First Vote News Video | Mike Tyson Endorses Donald Trump for President] -   Thanks Mike!

@N_R_Mandela: @realDonaldTrump And youre still a negative loser and Trump is still a positive winner. Im Black and proudly voting TRUMP!

@PaulaPedene: Trump Leads GOP, Carson Stays Strong, Rubio 3rd: Poll

@PamelaJaneVP: Watch FULL Speech: Donald Trump MASSIVE Rally in Norfolk, VA (10-31-15) on YouTube -

Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp; money!

@SueSabo: MEDIA WANTS A PUPPET.WE WANT DONALD TRUMP TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, LAST CHANCE TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT

@TheMsDlr: Donald Trump Releases Plan to Reform Veterans Affairs - ABC News -  via @ABC

@CBSNews: WATCH: Donald Trump holds rally at USS Wisconsin in Virginia    A great day

@WayneDupreeShow: Trump:Our educational sys is ranked #28 in the world-Get rid of #CommonCore Watch LIVE and CHAT:

@thehill: WATCH LIVE: Trump talks about treatment of veterans in Norfolk, Va

@costareports: The Posts latest on Trump:  From Trumps rally today in Virginia:

@KatyTurNBC: This is the most focused Trump stump Ive heard - really drilling down on vets issues here in Virginia

@thehill  John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said NO THANKS Waste of time &amp; energy!

Few people know that  @FortuneMagazine is still in business. Tell your writer  Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president

@DanielGenseric:  Another STRONG pro-American position with Dept of Veterans Affairs reform policy. #Trump2016

@BorderWall: Floridian here I quit watching debates years ago &amp; most TV except GATOR football until you decided to run for President

@sean_in_NH: @realDonaldTrump @realOllieTaylor so true. In all previous debates, no one watched and they were  cancelled

@twillnurse: @realDonaldTrump saw this and had to share! He wants to be you! Love it!!!! U r his HERO!  So cute!

@SallyAvicii2014:  @realOllieTaylor Agree This is The Only Time #Americans have been More involved in President Elections since Kennedy!!!

@JodiL792: @realDonaldTrump I wouldnt be watching at all!!! Honestly!

@antSTACKSgrieco: @realDonaldTrump you were great in it!! Thanks!

@realOllieTaylor: @realDonaldTrump no one would have watched the debates if Trump had not  been in them

@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump has won all three debates and all that matters is that Trump supporters know that &amp; will vote Trump! THANKS!

@shawnslawns4u: @terrykimk93 @WSJ this coming election is THE MOST IMPORTANT PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION in my lifetime VOTE FOR TRUMP

@danlifting: @realDonaldTrump I wouldnt watch it at all if Mr. trump was not on it. See u on your book signing on 11/3. Trump all the way

@hillx123: @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Leading big Nationwide in Reuters poll - great!

No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasnt in them? Interesting question!

Thank you James Freeman of the @WSJ for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!

Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy!

@ColinCowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought Id do his show, @TheHerd, on Monday (2:30pm EST)

@michael_favreau: @WSJ Evangelicals dont like lairs. This Carson Mannatech video and story show be shown in Iowa

@Maxinerunner: @realDonaldTrump surges in Post-debate Poll! Trump puts US 1st and foremost  @BraveLad @TIMENOUT

@MarshallFSmith: @LexingtonBobby @realDonaldTrump And its a Glorious Fall Day in Norfolk!! Knockem dead Donald! Thanks!

@WavRidr101: @realDonaldTrump DO A FLYOVER @NauticusNorfolk USS WISCONSIN!  Cool idea, we will try!

The @WSJ Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!

Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya

I told you so-@politico just lost its top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!

I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!

I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as SIR!

The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1

Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc

@dalva1616: So true! Vote @realDonaldTrump and have America greatness back to where it belongs : The United States of America

@Hopeisalive66: We need a REAL change. @realDonaldTrump you are the only1who can stand up&amp; #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesnt have a clue - weak!

When candidate John Kasich, on the @oreillyfactor, talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson

@AnonymouSyndica: Donald Trump: I Think Obama Hates Israel

@Biracial_Chick: Trump Rights Ship on Immigration: Demands Disney Rehire Workers Replaced by Cheap Foreign Labor

@JackDix03868724: Arizona polls for Democrats only say they would prefer Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton 60%

@SandraOpines: @realDonaldTrump I LOVE watching Donald Trump in action. Free education. Just watch and learn. LOVE IT. #TrumpTrain Nice

@billboard: .@RodStewart on his (naked) young and carefree days and pal Donald Trump   Rod, album is great!

@eonline: Who had the best Donald Trump Halloween costume--Kelly Ripa, Lara Spencer or Mario Batali?

@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump you are always many steps ahead of the game! Thank you

@jimmcvey1: @eddiern  @DeusVultUSMC @deadeyemadoc @smithsj1 Trump is the closest thing to Gen.Patton that we will ever see again. Cool!

@dblack15nc: @realDonaldTrump  Republican is 28%; support for Carson is 23%.  Poll used by @megynkelly last month

@Roadstarr1: @realDonaldTrump @GovMikeHuckabee @FoxNews Mike Huckabee is a very nice gentleman and yes Donald you raised wonderful children

@smithsj1: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump do you swear to provide for, protect and care for our soldiers, including Vets?  YES, YES, YES!

@GovMikeHuckabee Great job on @FoxNews tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!

@UnitedCitizen01: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Would be AWESOME moderators for next debate #RushLimbaugh #SeanHannity #MarkLevin

@Parker_Votes: Everyone under 10% in polls should DROP OUT and support TRUMP @realDonaldTrump   Great idea!

@teed_chris: DonaldTrump,NAME ONE CANDIDATE WHO CAN MAKE DEALS WITH CHINA ! IF WE DONT BRING JOBS BACK! WERE DEAD

Happy Birthday to my friend @garyplayer

Via The Political Insider: Donald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!

Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida

Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding

Thank you @rushlimbaugh for your wonderful words. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter, @IvankaTrump

Thank you @Morning_Joe for explaining to @CNN and @andersoncooper and so many others that I am leading in almost all national &amp; state polls

@giatny:  Rubio an orator/liar like Obama but totally unqualified. Rubio visa bill did NOT protect American workers. See Disney

@FreeStateYank: The only way anybodys gonna beat Trump is being better than he is.~@rushlimbaugh on @realDonaldTrump

Thank you @CharlesHurt for  the nice words on @seanhannity. I will win and Make America Great Again!

Loved doing the debate last night on @CNBC. Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!

Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing  @politico. How much longer  will they be around? Some very untalented reporters

My interview on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week

Post-Debate via @OANN. Thank you!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

I was #1 on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you!

Join me Tuesday, Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC.  Ill be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Dont miss it!

@ZankMatt: Another WIN! @realDonaldTrump

@victoryorbust: The One, The Only, Donald Trump, will and can Make America Great Again !  @Reince @blewthebigone

@Kotcha301: @realDonaldTrump I sleep better at night knowing u will soon be POTUS!  Thank you

@neraex: Im not even american and I want to see @realDonaldTrump win! A person like him is going to set a new standard for world leaders!

@xXFlameriumXx:  @MikeandDawnNY Good job Mr. Trump. The way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next US president! #Trump

@skillethead58: @realDonaldTrump hell of a job

@derekcarlson: People need to wake up Mr. Trump. You are the most qualified person to ever run for President Of The United States. #Truth

@BentleyforTrump: @realDonaldTrump @DRUDGE_REPORT We need a wall not a Rubio

@ApolloBohono69: @realDonaldTrump This country needs an unscripted hero like The Donald... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain   Thank you

@SpeakerRyan Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!

@robertaritzen: @realDonaldTrump We Support You! And Believe that your Americas Hope  Thanks

Failing host @glennbeck, a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!

@T_Johnson_TJ: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work! #Trump2016 Thanks

Via @Slate: Who won the #GOPDebate?

CNBC poll: Trump won #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Thank you!

@MikeandDawnNY: @seanmdav Dipshit @JohnJHarwood lied debate always being set for 2 hours If not 4 @realDonaldTrump calling @cnbc out

@Dad_Trump: @realDonaldTrump @DRUDGE_REPORT YES!

@DRUDGE_REPORT: TRUMP WINS CNBC INSTANT POLL; RUBIO SECOND... DEVELOPING

@agentvf: @realDonaldTrump Stay strong and get ready for next debate. Great job last night

@lvphillies08: Once again haters gonna hate...hands down #winner will always be @realDonaldTrump #Trump #Trump2016

@SteveBashino:  Trump good for legal immigration, economy, defense, taxes, Social Security, Medicare, 2nd Amendment, and ALL Americans

@derekcarlson: DonaldTrump turned a $1 Million loan into $10 Billion. Thats like you turning a $1,000 loan into $10 Million. CouldYouDoIt?

@misterdish69: @cathyspartanj @realDonaldTrump @AshleyEdam @GravisMarketing @OANN   Great, thank you!

Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada

@8723g: One thing I learned from @realDonaldTrump : Sometimes the best deals are the deals you never make We will have strong deal makers

@AtheistWWonka: @realDonaldTrump @jakistheman by the time youre done everyone will be wearing a Trump tie

@eVDefuse: @realDonaldTrump they should just let you be president already, youre already leading in the polls

@jakistheman: @realDonaldTrump keep youre momentum until you win over the White House

@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump you have inspired us to #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain

@truthinvest: @ChrisChristie @HillaryClinton good job for Christie last night.Maybe he will face her 8 yrs from now after @realDonaldTrump

@HorseShort: @jstaggs362 @sburton305 @Vermont5girl @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP IS TRUTH! We want #Trump!

Thank you @morningmika and @JoeNBC  for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!

@iStandWithUSA: 62% said that @realDonaldTrump won #GOP Debate Vote your stand:  #USA #Election2016

@GravisMarketing: @OANN Gravis Marketing Poll @realDonaldTrump leading.   Great!

The money losing @politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!

@TaylorWrightAU: #Trump came out as a clear winner in the polls yet again! Next #GOPDebate we need max 5 candidates, too many on the stage!

@4mostcoach: 100% @realDonaldTrump SUPPORTERS ARE TRUE BLUE and we are MOTIVATED!

@Sisters4everT: Good Night all supporters. Great night Mr @realDonaldTrump, You ROCKED the Rocky Mountains &amp; the Nation tonight!!!

@currentlyFeed: The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner

@ngb6060: @realDonaldTrump showing why he should be our next President. Tremendous Debate. Winning all the post Debate polls

@coolgirl6978: You were very poised and professional at the debate. You looked Presidential tonight. Hit a homerun #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd #GOPDebate. Thank you!

Thank you Colorado! An honor to win @NBC @9News #GOPDebate Poll

Thank you, Jonathan. Greatly appreciated!

@rfscottga: @realDonaldTrump Congrats Mr. Trump. You did great tonight. You made us ALL proud :) YES! SAYING IT AGAIN....Trump #1

@BarbaraDeStasio: @realDonaldTrump GREAT debate, way to go!!

@hyatt1942: @realDonaldTrump @piersmorgan WE ALL VOTED FOR YOU TONIGHT AS WINNER OF THE DEBATE

Thanks, @PiersMorgan. Youre great!

The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner. Thank you!

Thank you! #GOPDebate 
MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thanks everyone, they all said  I won the debate. Even won the @CNBC Poll!

Via @MailOnline Trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put Carson on top-

@jaxsiete: @realDonaldTrump Love your sense of humor...LOL Your rallies are amazing. Were standing behind you 1000%:) @FoxNews

@CNBC  POLL  TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22  CARSON 19.78  RUBIO 9.67

@TheEconomist Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - wont be happy!

Im sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%!

@buckleybro40: @realDonaldTrump @CNBC why only Donald Trump can beat Hillary.  #YUGE #Trump2016 #TeamTrump #

@Vaporcon2015: @realDonaldTrump The Liberals are terrified that youll be the one to go against Hillary

@cmrose111: @realDonaldTrump  @CNBC  get your polls straight. Trump is going to win. He is the only one tough enough to run this country

@mozarttaig1: @CNBC is trying to drive down poll numbers to install Carson - who the Establishment GOP will promptly roll. Win Don Win!

Does anybody think that @CNBC will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!

@1Barbara1: @realDonaldTrump @Morning_Joe @politico I watched the entire rally and Trump was very well received the place was packed

@Morning_Joe can you believe Kasie Hunts poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. @politico is a scam!

@CNBC continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just cant say it!

After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!

@MarieLeff: Debate night! #TeamTrump16 is behind you 5000%  National Lead TRUMP 35.6% CARSON 21.7%

@JayknightJay: @RealBenCarson good morning. Easy on each other &amp; finish off the establishment guys. They hope you 2 will fight it out.True

@HMaewest:  Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trumps Super Fans:

@Polling: DonaldTrumps and BenCarsons support up since Sept as they head into tomorrows @CNBC #RepublicanDebate

@BarbaraJensen1: @realDonaldTrump @OANN @GravisMarketing

@2bigj: @realDonaldTrump A lot of people I know are voting Trump in NC none have been polled your lead is bigger than anyone can imagine

@laura_damron: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump This Hispanic woman believes Trump has the brains &amp; energy to Make America Great Again

@RickSt.  How many MSM outlets will carry a clip of @realDonaldTrump leaving the podium to enter a crowd &amp; listen to the concerns of a VET?

Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon! #Trump2016

@fairy_tabibi: Loved seeing @realDonaldTrump speak to the wounded warrior &amp; his family.He has a caring heart and will take care of our vets

Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trumps Super Fans:

Just out, wonderful poll in North Carolina. #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump At least the real frontrunner is actually campaigning in Iowa and not on book tours. TRUMP 2016!

@Indies4Trump:  @HuffPostPol composite national poll #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain

@faagifts: @OANN WTG, GREAT JOB. U R THE BEST PICK OUT OF ALL OF THE CANDIDATES &amp; OHIO KNOWS THIS 2.THAT IS WHY U R LEADING THERE TOO

I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event (rally)

National GOP Presidential Poll via @OANN @realDonaldTrump 35.6% #Trump2016

Trumps National Lead Increases to 35.6% Going into the Third GOP Debate its Trump, Carson and Rubio

Thank you @SahilKapur for the wonderful story

New Gravis national poll just out --- 36%! Very nice! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@RhatPatriot: @FoxBusiness @realDonaldTrump   Why not post the other polls where Trump has 40 percent and Carson is in the teens? Strange?

@bawl: I agree @BillKristol hasnt be right about anything in a very long time. Shocking that @Morning_Joe gives him a platform

@JordanDworaczyk: @DrHawk12 @elvisknievil Im voting for @realDonaldTrump too.  Thanks

@julian771177: Mike Tyson endorses @realDonaldTrump  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thanks Iron Mike, greatly appreciated!

@AlbertoMarsano: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to seeing you in Reno Nevada this Thursday! Nevada stands with you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Nice

@TheJusticeEngle: @realDonaldTrump Im 18 years old from Florida, and just registered to vote. You got my vote in the primaries! THANKS

@TheWhiteHatter: Thanks to @TODAYshow for giving great attention to the Town of Atkinson at #TrumpTODAY w/

@BobD746847: There shouldnt be a problem with this election. WE THE PEOPLE finally have someone that speaks on OUR behalf. TRUMP-2016

@coloradojoe2001: How is any one taking Carson seriously when he suspends his presidential campaign for a book signing tour?

Dopey @BillKristol, who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and  picks, said last week on @Morning_Joe that Biden was in

#TrumpTODAY Watch my appearance on the @TODAYshow from this morning

All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PACs. Theyre not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself

Re Super PAC scam:  What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace

This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PACs &amp; is self-funding

@CindyBl: I voted 4 Reagan to make America Great. I will vote 4 @realDonaldTrump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TRUMP

@hoosierclinger: Good job @realDonaldTrump for badgering Ford. Why didnt POTUS or Hillary care about those UAW jobs in Ohio?

@maria_heck: @RobertsLiardon @realDonaldTrump. The more I hear Trump the more I like him!

@DanSaltsman: @realDonaldTrump @Ford @crainsdetroit @detnews @CNBC  Do you think Hillary, Ben or Jeb could do this?

Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security

@radioworldsv:Tomorrow on TODAY @MLauer moderates @realDonaldTrump town hall, live from New Hampshire. #TrumpTODAY

Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the @TODAYshow there, live at 7:00 A.M. New @CBSNews Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!

An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media wont. 
#Trump2016

Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!

@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump Bush appears to be low on cash may need to do drop out or perhaps get a loan from Hillary

@jpm05880: @Carolde @JebBush @realDonaldTrump @NancyRomano17 #JEBbush CAPTIVATES CROWDS WITH STIRRING SPEECH  Wow

@mmolina44: @realDonaldTrump @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN Donald Trump will be our next President of the United States

@Desheay: TO ALL MY CALIFORNIA TRUMP SUPPORTERS! Lets join up and work together on Twitter! Lets do this!!! @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 !

@jfgrcar: @realDonaldTrump Gentle Ben is no match for Putin or if the truth be told even for Hilary. USA needs a winner

Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!

Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S

@ObfuscateClear: Wow,  imagine what hell do as President. Thanks @realDonaldTrump   FORD LISTENED TO ME, GREAT!

@curtismuddog:  @ByronYork Latest Poll shows Donald Trump winning 70% of Electoral Vote Against Hillary Clinton!

@Thuglife602: @realDonaldTrump Bad position for Jeb, if his Mommy, Daddy and brother get involved the skeletons come back out of the closet

@cospy8: @realDonaldTrump @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN WAY ahead in all the polls that matter. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT

@kathystone1221: @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN OMG! Carson is more LOW KEY than Jeb!! Tried to watch him, but fell asleep! #NOISYMAJORITY!

@nepafortrump:  @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN We R here FIGHTING for you DJT! You are the only person who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump

@TheCRwire: Mitt Romney finally takes the credit he deserves for #Obamacare

@josemen31: @realDonaldTrump this Mexican here loves you man!! Keep doing your thing #mexicolovestrump  Great!

@Tirolian2: @realDonaldTrump @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN # TRUMP is Unstoppable      Thank you

@concerningtimes: @JebBush needs to drop out your, hurting the republican cause . @realDonaldTrump is our choice

@thatgirlflorida: @realDonaldTrump @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN Florida Loves Trump !!! We had a ball in Jacksonville Saturday!

@ByronYork  Great numbers from @CBSNews Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you!  @CNN

Do you believe that @FoxNews is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?

@CBSNews Poll - WOW!  New Hampshire  TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8%  South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%

Watch my interview on @CBSNews Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media wont report!

@MachadoKirk: @StrengthenTheUS  @realDonaldTrump Carson is not a nice guy. He knows his SuperPAC throws Mud on Trump 24/7 #ActingMeek

@ron_fournier: .@realDonaldTrump rightly denounces Super PAC-driven campaign $ system. Another example of how DC deserves this guy Great!

@russia890: @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump Trump is the smartest of all. My comment is non partisan. I heard everybody n im on Trump side

@msbul: Your a gentlemen Ben but not our next President, @realDonaldTrump

Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on @CBSNews

Watch @CNN at 9:00 A.M. @jaketapper. Then interviewed on @ABC @GStephanopoulos at 10:00 A.M. and then, at 10:30 A.M., watch Face The Nation

Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, its what I do

I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN @jaketapper. Ben is very weak on illegal immigration

A big POLL will be announced this morning on @CBSNews  Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it

@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump AUSTRALIA SUPPORTS DONALD TRUMP. Please immigrate to Australia and make Aussie great as well. Cute!

@katiesinex: 20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016   Wow, so nice!

This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT

@EasyEarl: Doug Ross @ Journal: AWESOME: Donald Trump Blessed by Black, White Pastors and Rabbis  via @directorblue

I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN. Enjoy!

@agreatimage: @realDonaldTrump   Can ANY Democrat or Republican fix this country except Trump? NOT A CHANCE!! #Trump2016 #ElectTrump

@voxdotcom: Trump has figured out Jeb Bushs greatest weakness as a candidate, and its not his energy level

@aviv1818: Trumpachusetts: Donald Trump Tops Poll of Bay State Voters:  @foxnewspolitics AC360  Thanks, great news

@JaredChristophr: Donald Trump is the only person that can make this country great again @realDonaldTrump I fully agree!

@Bane1349: They ALL Want Jobs and a Bright Future. They KNOW Donald Trump is the one and only choice to make that A REALITY!

@christotepis: Donald Trump Leads in Expectations, Shows Strength on Attributes (POLL) - ABC News -  via @ABC

@politicalwire:Bush has no money, hes meeting today with mommy and daddy, and theyre working on his campaign

While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?

@bravehart60: 20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016  via @BreitbartNewsl  A.J., thank you, soooo nice!

@HankCampbell: Democrats seem to be more interested in Donald Trump than Hillary Clinton

@BeverlySimcic: TRUMP: JEB BUSH HAS NO MONEY, HES MEETING WITH MOMMY AND DADDY- CANT RUN HIS OWN CAMPAIGN

@JebBush is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he cant manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?

@JebBush had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scotts forum. I had thousands, and they had real passion!

@JebBush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about Americas future

Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday

I will be doing the @TodayShow live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday

Will be doing a sit down interview with  @JakeTapper @CNN on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!

Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!

Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at @TrumpDoral in Miami

Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great

Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@HuffPostEnt: Donald Trump to host Saturday Night Live

@santiagos58: YouGov National Poll  Donald Trump Continues To Dominate Field With All Demographics. The Last Refuge

@oshack: A surprising number of Republicans think Donald Trump is their best hope in 2016

@Tony_Leers: Hillary Clinton is a deceitful career politician, Donald Trump is a no-nonsense billionaire businesses man...pick one

@cher: Never thought Id SayDonald Trump is a Giant Among Gop front runners cruz=devil  rubio=RAGE AGAINST WOMEN carson=JUST TELL ME WHY

Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!

So nice of @Cher--- greatly appreciated!

Remember, official campaign merchandise (hats, apparel etc.) can only be bought at  Be careful, dont get ripped-off

@Ir0nSpirit: Cant wait for you to take the White House. Our country will once again be strong!  Sorry JebBush, but you got no chance!

@autumnandews08:  @KatrinaPierson @AnnCoulter @MichaelCohen212 Trump blows them all away! Hes our next president! #Trump2016

@ThomaOlivia: Donald Trump Hands Fox News Sunday Its Biggest #Crowd In 6 Years   Great!

@MiamiHerald: For Donald Trump, South Florida makes it rain  dollars, that is   Very nice

@dpdax @realDonaldTrump Thanks for standing for Vets Take care of those that give so much

The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes

Joe, thanks for not running!

@toddinwichita @realDonaldTrump Hillary is doing a HORRIBLE job at #BenghaziHearings reading from the script. #pathetic . She is no leader

#ChrisWallace, who interviewed me on Sunday, had his highest ratings since Feb of 09. Congratulations!

Trump Nears 100 days on Top via The Hill

@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump people are for you #Trump2016 keep up the good work and we will win this and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@USATrustTrump: WOW! The More Opponents Push The Higher The #Trump2016 Reach! Keep Pushing DEMS And Jealous GOPs!

Can u believe that Jeb Bushs campaign manager is in Berlin, Germany looking for money? Whats he giving to Germany?

@i_am__tyler  @MichaelCohen212 I can promise you the only reason I watched the democrats debate is because of @realDonaldTrump

I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp; his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad

The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel, D.C. (Old Post Office)

@TrumpToronto was just voted the #1 hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Travelers prestigious Readers Choice Awards

New poll by ABC News/Washington Post  TRUMP 32  CARSON 22  RUBIO 10  BUSH 7  Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?

@dcexaminer: Rasmussen: @realDonaldTrump now beats @HillaryClinton 38%-36% nationally

I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. @ABC will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll  N.H.  TRUMP 28 (up 10)  CARSON 16  BUSH 9  RUBIO 6  CRUZ 5  Press will say they are surging!

@GMA at 7:00 A.M

@printingsharon: @realDonaldTrump   Never been so excited about voting for a candidate since I voted for Reagan

@piersmorgan: Donald Trump still dominating all polls, debate, cable news, gossip...everything. The GOP nomination is his, he rarely loses!

@AliceCarozza: @realDonaldTrump You were so much better than Jeb on Hannity. So Great and presidential. Im happy this was discussed

@Chocolate3Way: I have never loved a candidate as much as I love @realDonaldTrump, I cant wait for him to make America great again! Nice!

@ccorreia401: @realDonaldTrump @blewthebigone well said. We the people want the truth. We the people want to make America great again

@EricSjursen: @FoxNews @SheriffClarke @MonicaCrowley  There you go! Everyone loves Donald Trump bcuz hes the real thing, not a politician

@aaron_athman: @realDonaldTrump first time I can ever vote and youve got mine! I want to make America great again!!!  FANTASTIC!

@OUSoonerManiac: We are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in Burlington,  Iowa tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  See you there!

@blewthebigone: The establishment can try all they want to keep @realDonaldTrump from winning. They are not stronger than we the people!!

@saadvisory: @realDonaldTrump Donald keep fighting - you are the only hope for America!

@ansun_sayavong: Your opponents have no idea what theyre dealing with. Sun Tzu would be very proud. You are a tactical genius. #artofwar

@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on @seanhannity tonight. Thank you for the nice words!

I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!

@AshlieJuliard: @KarlRove @realDonaldTrump Trump is the only candidate that Ive ever been excited about #SomethingSpecialIsHappening

@btodd539:  @seanhannity Now they are All saying Donald really Could Be President! I Knew This from Start! We ALL must work together!

@seanhannity at 10:00

@GirlDayTrader: Our new President will provide something weve never had before. #TRUTH even if it hurts. #Trump

@Portosj81J: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #Trump hits his highest poll number yet; #Carson, #Rubio make small gains

@PatriotByGod: @GSamUSA1 @Carolde @realDonaldTrump Trumps new VA plan will solidify Vets. Support of Trump  I love the VETS

@KarlRove  Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!

I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!

@Trekwolf164: @wbtonyturner @RadioFreeTom @realDonaldTrump no magic just cut off USA aid money to Mex until cost is recovered.Simple really

Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!

Donald Trump tops Franklin-Pierce/Herald poll at 28 percent in N.H

Lots of great new polls--big leads!

I will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM @FoxNews. #Hannity

Bill Clinton wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@Mike350Zdriver: Many Hispanics agree with @realDonaldTrump on enforcing the border Trump for President

@nickmichaels12: Since late July 2015, DJT consistently been the front-runner in public opinion polls for the Republican Party nomination

@Trump4potusplz: Had to join Twitter for the first time just to support Donald @realDonaldTrump . TRUMP 2016 Great!

@marcoinjersey: I think America had enough of the faking and is ready for someone REAL just look at @realdonaldtrump

@cb_beach_bum: Great job @seanhannity you slayed Mr. Sanchez with the #truth thx 4 defending @realDonaldTrump

Tonights official count--7,943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks! #Trump2016

See, the attack  very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision

Via @IBTimes: Under Fire From Donald Trump, Jeb Bush Focuses On 9/11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licenses

Interesting reading re September 11th

NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930s--WOW!

Bruce Willis wearing my hat on @FallonTonight last Friday-

Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesnt happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper

Its really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!

@joshdill64: Our passion for @realDonaldTrump is amazing!

@aldeguer_elsa:  @American1st @ofccadjust @AnnCoulter @JebBush HISPANICS UNITED TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN #Trump

@TMoody: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly why would I watch ANYONE who trusted THIS GUY with nuclear codes? @JebBush

@SweetFreedom29: Hey @realDonaldTrump --&gt; FLASHBACK: Jeb Bush Admitted Leaky Immigration Led to 9/11  #tcot  WOW!

@JulesSiscoe: We finally have a voice with @realDonaldTrump! #VoteTrump #CoalitionForTrump #CitizensForTrump

@theratzpack: @Svingali @FoxNews @megynkelly i dont care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just FAIR and BALANCED

@lwentzel1: Link of the day! Most popular link among people I follow is  by @realDonaldTrump

@Weaverinc31: The problem is @MittRomney was a weak establishment candidate who couldnt even turn out the base. Weak at best!

@vbonina:  @ConserveCast @GeorgeWill why does Fox even talk to Will? He is clueless and doesnt represent what our party is about

@Crowebar_67:  @megynkelly Been boycotting her since 1st debate Mr. Trump and so have plenty of other decent people. Ratings R going down

@rikemohome: @GeorgeWill @FoxNewsSunday   George is full of Crap SC Element TVs Are CHINESE MADE.  WHAT A LIAR!!

@ChefMama32: @realDonaldTrump Good interview with Chris! Chris even gave you a thumbs up for POTUS

@ConserveCast: The Definition of a Pretentious Establishment Henchman is @GeorgeWill . He is such a sourpuss, HATES @realDonaldTrump

Best thing my supporters can do if you dont like the way @megynkelly and her puppets unfairly treat us is dont watch her show!

@Karen05866992: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!

@Justice41ca: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Im watching it again right now in California

@Svingali: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Cant wait for @megynkelly to jump on the TRUMP Train as Chris Wallace just did!  Wont happen!

@PattyDs50: @FoxNews We want Donald !! Yah next president! #TrumpTrain #TrumpForPresident  We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@PattiPav1: @realDonaldTrump Great interview!  Thanks

@kathystone1221: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews A must see. Trump is brilliant. as usual !!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump #Trumptrain

@traceclmbs82:  @FoxNews Pampered @GeorgeWill who never had a real job has no problem w/USA losin jobs 2 foreign countries @FoxNewsSunday

@rfscottga: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews It was Excellent interview sir. May watch it again.  Trump 2016

@BentleyforTrump:  @FoxNewsDear Sir. Chris Wallace believes that you can be elected president.Great Great news for America! #Trump2016

@RebelCapsGal: @realDonaldTrump THANK YOU for speaking out against Common Core and how horrible it is for kids!

@SongBird1154: Again SNL (10/17) exposes CarlyFiorina as failed CEO, an unwanted Senatorial candidate, &amp; GOD forbid next Prez #NTXForum

@Karen05866992: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!  Thank you

@rdpaga: @JebBush we were attacked on ur brothers watch. Thats not safe. I have respect 4 GW but truth is no WMD in Iraq &amp; 911

@clar: @GeorgeWill @brithume The TVs made in SC are Element Electronics Come on guys. @realDonaldTrump is right @BretBaier #WakeUpAmerica

@howddyd: @FoxNewsSunday @realDonaldTrump is correct u cant allow 1 woman 2 fain luv of house 2 get more $$$ holding up huge #s of jobs

@paulferguson17: @FoxNewsSunday @realDonaldTrump @JebBush @FoxNews. Chris this is awesome what an interview. Go donald

Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on @FoxNews  at 6:00 P.M

@tweet4upatriots: I believe @realDonaldTrump can make AMERICA GREAT again #C2GTHR   Thank you!

@Kellmat2: @realDonaldTrump @RD_2008 @JebBush Jeb is no conservative in my book. Common core is a disaster

@RD_2008: @JebBush Quit Jeb Quit. Your poll is even lower than your apprentice Rubio. @realDonaldTrump

@Tuvarkz: @realDonaldTrump Cant Stump the Trump

@muhfuck: @BernieSanders Donald Trump is the only candidate for middle class America @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@American1st: @ofccadjust  @AnnCoulter GW Bush was open borders like @JebBush. TERRORISTS CAN COME ACROSS MEXICAN BORDER AT WILL!

@Pappenjazz: An Incredibly Strong Interview Of @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsSunday, Good Response  IC Those @FoxNews NaySayers dissapating!

@UndEngel: @realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter Couldnt have said it, better... Nothing fake about you, sir

@HardcoreRepub: @kencampbell66 Dude, @realDonaldTrump s tactics are just on a level weve never seen before

@AnnCoulter: Read this DJT full-p ad from 1989 and tell me DonaldTrump is a Johnny-Come-Lately fake conservative:

@AnnCoulter:Hes right. Trump on 9/11 happening on Bushs watch: With my immigration policy, I doubt those ppl wld have been in the country

Just reported by CNN that the Trump halo effect  caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!

Its amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!

@DefendingtheUSA: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street Journal!!!

@DefendingtheUSA: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street journal!!!

I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!

Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Big statement made by Chris!

@mesiaindo: @chazermann26 I dont think @NBC will cave. Theyve seen ratings soar with @realDonaldTrump and Money matters!

@d_seaman: @realDonaldTrump Trump wins, hands down:  Jeb is weak, Rubio is broke

@danlifting: @realDonaldTrump Get a life George Will. USA doesnt make anything anymore. TRUMP will bring manufacturing Back to USA!

I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!

@AdamBlickstein:I never thought Id say this but @realDonaldTrump sparking a critical conversation on reality that Bush didnt keep US safe

@smr111382: @realDonaldTrump One of the best interviews I have seen!  @FoxNews

@BBCARKING: @JoeTrippi @realDonaldTrump @scottienhughes Joe have U resigned to the inevitable? Take UR seat on the

@WalterEKurtzJr: @realDonaldTrump  Chris Wallace: After my interview and listening to his answers, I think Donald Trump could be President

@97Musick: @FoxNewsSunday @skyjones55 @realDonaldTrump Of course theyre going up! Trump is going to WIN this!! #Trump2016  Thanks

@Glitter_alex: @realDonaldTrump is what we need to fix this mess! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Im only 11 but my parents are voting for Trump!

@girl_iowagirl20: #STOPTHEPRESSES @britthume just admitted DonaldTrump will probably be the Republican nominee! #HellJustFrozeOver @FoxNews

Does everyone remember   @MittRomney and his famous remarks about self-deportation and 47%. He was done. I dont need his angry advice!

@MittRomney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!

@MittRomney  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible choke loss to Obama!

@blondesforjesus: @FoxNewsSunday Loving @realDonaldTrump interview. #TrumpSwagger #ChrisWallace Thank you

@FoxNewsSunday

Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?

This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but thats only because Im on it (kidding)! Have fun

Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!

On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location)  on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!

@ClaytonMorris: Donald Trump is so far ahead in two key state polls.     Thanks Clayton

Amazing! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@mklloydva: Some of you already know. I have made the Jump to Trump. Donald Trump is the man that will win the GOP

@bk2seattle: @realDonaldTrump I was with you in Tyngsboro, Ma. last night! You WILL be our next President!!! What a fantastic evening!

@HL3tweets: Jeb and Marco OWE IT to their contributors to admit they have NO CHANCE of winning, and figure out how to PAY BACK everyone

@vlynpowell: @realDonaldTrump At happy hour tonight in Charleston, SC, everyone at the bar said they were supporting Donald Trump. Thanks!

Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks

@mimi_saulino: @mariclaire81 @realDonaldTrump Jeb supports open borders-common core- Visa H-IB Visas for illegals. Super PAC Saudis

I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!

@aspiesmom: NYPost gets it, you talk like a New Yorker. My Dad is a Democrat Long-Islander, he gets it too, and youve got his vote

A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!

Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!

Via Business Insider: Donald Trumps Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing-

Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance, Experts Say-

@HillaryClinton is on the front page of the @nytimes waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people  no pic!

Thank you @thefix for your very honest commentary. One thing, we do have great teams in IA, NH, SC and beyond

@KatrinaPierson, you did a fantastic job tonight on @FoxNews. Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!

@myhealthcoach1: @NoahGrayCNN  Thank You Police Force for your efforts of Protecting Donald Trump We Love You For This, God Bless You!!!

@JebBush, like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

No @JebBush, youre pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brothers term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down

@TRUMPHIANT2016: Ive never seen a candidate as dominant in early states as @realDonaldTrump  #TrumpTrain #VOTETRUMP

@JebBush,
At the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice &amp; did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11

In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner

Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing @VanityFair Magazine, Sloppy Graydon Carter, is going to be fired or replaced very soon?

A great new poll-33%!

Nice story from @businessinsider

@scottienhughes  Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!

@samijs1: Hahahahahahaha...love it!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2015 #TrumpTrain Choo choo...all aboard! :)

@jamesdschulzejr: @FoxNews  You GOPe supporters wrong again on Trump, give it up. Get on the Trump train. GREAT NEWS

@jimmy_jkmorgan:  @JoeyL3rd @foxandfriends @EricTrump Totally agree! Great Father with a great family - winning combination at life.Thanks

@JohnNew2015:  @lance_combrink Well, @KarlRove is an establishment hack big government RINO whose only hope is @JebBush - Thats sad, eh!?

@Pjdahling: @mitchellvii the truth prevails when it is so obvious. @realDonaldTrump is a force that is unstoppable

@SHLOMO_ABADDON: @TODAYshow @MLauer @realDonaldTrump Matt will vote for Trump i just know he will !

@JoeyL3rd: @foxandfriends @EricTrump Grt interview, Im telling ya, @realDonaldTrump children r going 2 b a HUGE asset 2 him &amp; his campaign

@EricTrump was FANTASTIC on @foxandfriends this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!

@CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!

@lance_combrink: @realDonaldTrump Karl Rove still thinks Romney won. Why is he still on TV?

@Hohummm: Did you also hear Megyn say Carson is the front-runner ...according so some polls ..tied in other polls OUTRIGHT LIE!  Hatred!

@RickStans1: Donald, Megyn Kelly seeks ratings, not truth Not much of a journalist. Stay focused &amp; make your own narrative. Its working

Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I dont watch

@marcthiessen is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!

Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt &amp; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates

@RedScareBot: @brandongordy1: @realDonaldTrump is what we millennials need. I used to support that socialist from VT, what a mistake

@bigmikeobrien: @EricTrump @skyjones55 @greta @FoxNews  @oreillyfactor @CarlRove is in the tank for Bush we are tired of the establishment

@IsupportTrump16: @realDonaldTrump Has lived the American dream and has inspired MILLIONS! He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain for ALL of us

@davidaxelrod: .Met @IvankaTrump a few years back. DonaldTrump is wise to enlist his daughters help. Shes a throughly impressive person

Will be on @bloombergtv tomorrow with @sruhle. Enjoy!

Why is the @GOP being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate?

@CNBC is pushing the @GOP around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials

The @GOP should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that @CNBC is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party

@KevinHart4real joined @woodmank104 @katek104 @K1047 &amp; was asked about his thoughts on @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 Thanks Kevin--so nice!

A great day in New Jersey for Trump!  &amp;

Signing my tax return

Im very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview

Incredible crowd in Richmond, Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain

@FoxGotTrumped: @realDonaldTrump with another great speech today with another huge crowd!!!!! We love you Trump!!!! #Trump2016

Just did @OReillyFactor. Will be back on at 11pm on @FoxNews

@CHM1321: @realDonaldTrump is in it to win it

@TrumpFix: I swear, Donald is getting better, bolder, brasher, and more kick ass with every event/intvw he does! HE WILL WIN!

@JeremyHL: RT @FoxNews: .@realDonaldTrump: I have thousands of Hispanics working for me &amp; they like me very much

CNN Poll just out on South Carolina  great #s

@andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough, firm, but fair

CNN/ORC Poll results just out for NevadaWOW! Trump 38, Carson 22, Fiorina 8, Bush 6, Cruz 4

Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than hes gotten in ten years. Good for him!

Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tylers song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!

Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there

The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the B team. She wont be so lucky when it comes to me!

We need a strong leader- and fast!

#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers

Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last nightget through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!

The latest book on HillaryWow, a really tough one!   @RogerJStoneJr

@releafpen: Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!

@PauperInAPinch: @realDonaldTrump Thank goodness #DemDebate is over. Not impressed... TRUMP2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@Angie58493041: @sadmexi @realDonaldTrump sucess of Mr Trump is another success of america 2015

@debateless: @realDonaldTrump I cannot wait to see you debate these clowns #CNNDebate #CNN #Debate #DNC

@magnifier661: @realDonaldTrump they make Jeb Bush look like the energizer bunny #DemDebate #USADJT2016

Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!

@suzyserb: @realDonaldTrump 100,000 people watching tonight for real change. THAT WOULD BE TRUMP 2016. Checking out the clown competition

@FrankGuaragna: @realDonaldTrump OMalley destroyed Maryland..  True, he was a disaster

@Cola0531: @realDonaldTrump watching OAN great speech calling out super pacs and media in Norcross, GA

@mcowgerFL: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for ALWAYS REMEMBERING Americas veterans!

@Jamesppierce: These 5 make @realDonaldTrump look like Winston Churchill #DemDebate  Cute!

@Jtrink97: @Hell0ThereLydia @realDonaldTrump his commentary is making an otherwise shitty night outstanding  Thanks

@ObamaTax: After @hillaryclinton poor performance, waffling in debates, @Teamsters14 should support @realDonaldTrump

Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate

Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!

@i_am__tyler: I cant wait for @realDonaldTrump to debate one of these clowns! All are so weak!

@keksec_org: The only winner of the #DemDebate is @realDonaldTrump.  This is not a great debate - a little sad!

@TS01171980: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump isnt on the stage, turning this garbage off

@TimCooperTweets: How amazing is it that the #1 trending topic is @realDonaldTrump talking about the #DemDebate-more than the debate itself

@RealNinjetta: @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle Why did Hillary get to skate past the Do Black Lives Matter  Anderson let her off hook!

@julieruot: I want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need @realDonaldTrump

Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!

Good move by Bernie S

The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc

All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage

@Achilarre: I couldnt even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the @realDonaldTrump debated any one of these five jabronis

@XGDesignsNYC: Yada yada...Its a bore fest... Best part of this is Trumps tweets! @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate  Thanks

@mikerichterp: @realDonaldTrump I joined Twitter tonight just to hear Mr.Trump tweet about this silly debate

@Iamnewhere: Webb is trying to be @realDonaldTrump and its not working.  He is not doing well!

@DNorrell: This is one of the most dysfunctional debates Ive seen in my lifetime. @realDonaldTrump

@NexiaVauxhall: @realDonaldTrump I love that NO group can buy @realDonaldTrump

Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate

@Pandorasandy1: @realDonaldTrump we need Donald Trump to make America great again !!!   Thanks!

@prissyalways: @realDonaldTrump I cannot stop yawning...Twitter is more interesting. #DemDebate

@FEDEnergy: @NRA @nranews Support the NRA more then ever, @nationalrifle needs to back @realDonaldTrump who wants to protect 2nd amendment!

@theericker: @realDonaldTrump not watching debate....just your tweets  Nice!

@jennasnowy69: @realDonaldTrump why is Webb there??

@Roolaloo: Joined twitter tonight JUST to follow along with @realDonaldTrump and #DemDebate. Lets make America great again! #trump2016

@JuliaTock: @realDonaldTrump Sure you are laughing listening to these 5 try and explain how business and the economy works. Scary!

@LaurenDa123: @realDonaldTrump I think @JebBush and @marcorubio are supposed to be on this stage

@KOsbornSullivan: On our 25th anniversary my husband and I are happily staying in to watch #DemDebate and read @realDonaldTrump comments

@rjdicksii: @realDonaldTrump. These cats are like bad used car salesmen

@princeolivier13: Why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! Have the election tomorrow! #trump2016 #DemDebate

@maxxgadog: @LindaSuhler @realDonaldTrump if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching

@Jeff_Gabe: I miss @realDonaldTrump #CNNDebate

OMalley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance

Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way

@tr3s3can: @realDonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump Make America Great Again!! Would not even watch Dem debate except Donald is tweeting about it!

@amd9890: .@realDonaldTrump was right...#DemDebate is boring  these ppl are so scripted  So far!

The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! #DemDebate

@MichaelTribunel: @realDonaldTrump imagine Chafey standing up to Putin

@wayway71: @realDonaldTrump Webb is OUT!!  Bad opening!  #DemDebate

@0Nonsense: @realDonaldTrump Good luck commenting on this snooze fest, Im out

@adamscottnow: @realDonaldTrump,If I have the #DemDebate on CNN, but pay attention more to my phone, does it still count as me watching it?

Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate

Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.   #DemDebate

@HL3tweets: @TDsVoice @CNN @CNNPolitics Im watching now and will watch the entire debate while reading Trumps Tweets. Grab the popcorn

@valmouw: @realDonaldTrump where are you? Im already getting bored and it hasnt even started #DemDebate

@sassylassee: My tv is off, twitter is up, waiting for the real show, starring @realDonaldTrump #CNNSocialistDebate  #DemDebate

@JoethomasSmith: #DemDebate  The @IvankaTrump interview tomorrow on @CNN will have better ratings than the #democraticdebate #Trump2016

We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!

@MintzShire: @realDonaldTrump @007lLisav @CNN @CNNPolitics We need Trump Now!!!  Make America Great Again!

@moshe_mkmdca: @realDonaldTrump @007lLisav @CNN @CNNPolitics following Donald is beautiful. If its not beautiful its not Donald So nice!

@hapearce1: @realDonaldTrump they need to take the debate slow, a lot of low energy on the stage tonight. I hope not!

@StreckerJosh: The Hillary love fest on CNN is ridiculous. I feel bad for the other candidates...especially the non-criminal ones

@xai7126: @greta Id rather see @realDonaldTrump be the debate moderator!

Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)

@ElviNichols: Will @CNN be tough as they were with @realDonaldTrump ?  No way, they will want to be soooo nice!

@CNN: .@realDonaldTrump will be live-tweeting the #DemDebate  via @CNNPolitics

@007lLisav: @CNN @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics cant wait for his insightful &amp; intelligent tweets. You sound like a very smart person!

@seancduarte @TeamCavuto #Yourworld If @realDonaldTrump wins Barry Diller will move out of country. Sounds like a win, win

Live from New York- November 7th! @nbcsnl

It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th --  look forward to it!

Exclusive--Davi: Trump, The Lion We Need

How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a plant during my speech yesterday in NH?

So nice, thank you very much

Everybodys talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate

Very honored: Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds

@Ma1973sk I cant wait for @realDonaldTrump live tweets during Dem debate tonight. Wont watch debate but will watch Trumps Twitter

@007lLisav: @CNN @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics cant wait for his insightful &amp; intelligent tweets.  Will be so much better than CNN!

@ElviNichols: Will @CNN be tough as they were with @realDonaldTrump ? Not sure.. No way, they will be very gentle!

The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?

Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!

@jonygitar: #morningjoe @morningmika @Morning_Joe @JoeNBC Surely you read reports that woman at no labels event was a pol. operative?

@Politics_Reddit: That feminist who called out Trump last night? Shes a Jeb intern.   Jeb always gets caught, sad!

@ryan_padraic: Get the popcorn, Donald Trump plans to live-tweet the #CNNDebate. #DemDebate

@farrightgregy: Dan Rather: Donald Trump Could Be Our Next President   I agree - thanks Dan!

Someone should inform @CNN that, despite spending millions of $s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!

At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!

@deqwik2: @SaraMurray @realDonaldTrump Sorry link above not working. Heres good link   @CNN and Jeb - apologize!

@Parker_Votes: California Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill allowing illegals right to VOTE using drivers lic.ID. @realDonaldTrump

@TopherCarlton: .@JebBush Sickening attempt. I hope .@realDonaldTrump jumps another 10 points. #WakeUpAmerica

@codyave:  @drudgereport @BreitbartNews @Writeintrump You Cant Stump the Trump

@BackOnTrackUSA: @seanhannity You are looking &amp; sounding more Presidential everyday. The country is ready for you to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@mimi_saulino: @seanhannity @FoxNews Syrian Muslims escorted into U.S. through Mexico. Now arriving to Oklahoma and Kansas! Congress?

@kyredblood: @realDonaldTrump Great Fox interview  @seanhannity

@heavenlyitalian: @seanhannity @FoxNews time we had a businessman in the WH,who can bring back jobs to America and restore the middle class

@GregWescott: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Another great interview. You were point on .... As good as it gets!  Thanks!

@VickyBrush: That young girl asking if shell have control over her own body looked like she was planted there!  @HorseShort

@connie_lee1: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Looking forward to a great interview with a great interviewee and a great interviewer!

Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @foxnews at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!

Thank you

Via RealClear Politics

@CFT1 @realDonaldTrump doing a great job in New Hampshire today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!

Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes  last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!

President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!

@CNNPolitics: .@clayaiken praises good guy Trump and his upstanding and grounded kids

@kausmickey: .@realDonaldTrump was calling out Paul Ryan for his entitlement plans back in 2011   So true!

@TheFix: Tuesdays Democratic debate is missing just one thing: Donald Trump.  True, can you think of anyone who wants to watch?

I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!

@Clint_Goodrich: They used to call Barry Diller the father of e-commerce-what a joke that was - and that he is. 100%clueless on Internet

Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!

Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!

Via Breitbart - Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia

With the fantastic ratings last weekend, @meetthepress &amp; @ThisWeekABC, I think its only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace

Will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation with @JDickerson tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!

My interview with @HowardKurtz on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on @Fox at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful

@ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!

Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain

@ChuckTodd just informed us that my interview last week on @MeetthePress was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!

Im leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!

Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!

@nypost: People are writing tribute songs for Donald Trump   Thanks to all of these great songwriters. Get rich!

@MyPresidentme: @realDonaldTrump @thehill She represents how thousands of us feel. You have the BEST supporters BAR NONE! #Trump2016

@thehill: .@realDonaldTrumps biggest Hispanic fan: Hes my perfect man    A great woman!

@w_gorham: @realDonaldTrump Go President Trump! Many Canadians up here are behind you... totally!

@AliceEngle3: @trumpiowa @TRUMPVICTORY16 @realDonaldTrump   The next generation will be better off because Trump was in the Oval Office!

@TheWTFTahoe: Please dont ever give up. This country is in such a mess and needs a non-politician to fix it. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@Jamgrigs: @realDonaldTrump Trump keep fighting the fight for America, we got your back. The future is looking bright. THE TRUMP REVOLUTION

@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump ATL LOVES TRUMP!!!  Thanks!

Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!

Will be interviewed on Media Buzz with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M

Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch @FaceTheNation on CBS &amp; @HowardKurtz #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday

Mark--They could use you

Good luck to the US Mens National Team in tomorrows CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico!  It should be a great game!

New Gravis Poll in NH just out:  Trump 32%, Carson 13%

Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas

@paulfincher2 Keep the faith. Elect @realDonaldTrump and there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals

@michaeljohns With this months 224-page @simonschuster book Crippled America, Trump has most specific policy agenda of any candidate

Thank you

@Women4Trump  MSM cut off intro of Trump in LV where we were told he just gave $20 million to St. Judes Charity

@ept_rudyru @AnnCoulter Im Hispanic &amp; @realDonaldTrump has my vote! And a lot of other Hispanics here in the Borderland!

@JBOD2001 @realDonaldTrump yeah, youre really wearing out your welcome.  Whos dominating the polls? YOU!!! Go Trump!

True. Thanks

Thanks

@JayMichaelsProd  Trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from Democrat to Republican??

I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrowheres the info:  Hope to see you there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

I will be interviewed on @FacetheNation Sunday 10AM on CBS. @johndickerson is a true pro!

@BarbMuenchen  @grindingdude  the book to read is Time to get Tough making America great again. Thanks

Thanks Larry. Best wishes

Good luck! Enjoy

@LauraRosenCohen @MarkSteynOnline  on @realDonaldTrump There is nothing Trump does that doesnt work for him

@DavidFoody @realDonaldTrump Thank you for taking on the   Establishment.They dont know what to do, do they?

@AlisaApps  @realDonaldTrump you were fantastic yesterday in Las Vegas - a great event. Passionate people. Keep it up! #AlisaReal Thx

Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!

I was so happy when I heard that @Politico, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!

@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!

@EWErickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no it factor. Will fade fast

A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada!

Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them!

Thank you!

@Momfullofhope @BorderWall @realDonaldTrump rocks it everywhere he goes Thanks

Thanks

Website Exposing Marco Amnesty Rubio Goes Live: A Donor Class Puppet? - Breitbart

The goal is to be the winner: Donald Trumps campaign is for real. Via The Guardian

This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America  via Bloomberg Politics

@DesignerDeb3 Wow 5000+ in Line in Las Vegas For our Next President of these United States Mr @realDonaldTrump !

@PennySingletary: @realDonaldTrump we know this and thats why you will be our next President  Thank you

@SKennedy1979: No one else brings the passion, conviction, experience that you have. Your message is resonating w America! Im excited

@GaryGaryt52: @DanScavino @JudiLoera @realDonaldTrump WHEN IS TRUMP COMING TO FLORIDA? CANT WAIT.GO TRUMP! . FL FOR TRUMP

@MidOhioMilitia: I havent missed a speech or interview. Love hearing you speak for ME! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #IBelieve

Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Its not going to happen with anyone else

@Moonwkr: @realDonaldTrump I would like to nominate @IvankaTrump for Speaker of the House What a great idea, she is a total winner! (Nice)

Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job!

Im at Trump Intl Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)

What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!

Wow, great news! I hear @EWErickson of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, youll understand why. Just doesnt have IT!

I hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers &amp; ratings are way down &amp; he has become irrelevantglad I didnt do his show

Wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!

@PjwJ316: @realDonaldTrump YES!!!!!!!!!! AMERICA NEEDS @realDonaldTrump FOR PRESIDENT!!! CANT WAIT FOR AMERICA TO BE GREAT AGAIN!!!!

@GraggQuinton:  This is the size crowd you get when people care what you say -Trump in Oklahoma . Got even bigger

@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump I truly believe you are the best #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Thank you so much!

@Sandikay60: @realDonaldTrump @DarrenJJordan @stuartpstevens Donald Trump, our next president of the United States! #trump2016  Thank you

@metskins10: @realDonaldTrump @DarrenJJordan @stuartpstevens Pay him, just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide

Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@DarrenJJordan: @realDonaldTrump @stuartpstevens And hes still a consultant? For what?  Only a fool would pay Stuart for his advice

@3462727: @BretBaier @Norsu2 @realDonaldTrump tired of FOX bashing Trump &amp; pushing GOP establish / Christie/Rubio/Bush

@sugarofsaturn: @realDonaldTrump @stuartpstevens On the bright side Romneys loss gave us Donald Trump!  So true!

Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!

@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!

Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!

@politico has no power,  but so dishonest!

I wonder why somebody doesnt do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting

Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate todays great poll numbers together. See you soon!

If Stuart Stevens book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, dont waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!

Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!

@darcy027027: @realclearspam @ElliekeMary  @AnnCoulter @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN Dont worry. Trump will put it back when he is Pres !

@trumpgasm: NEW- 10/6/15 REUTERS IPSOS POLL DONALD TRUMP CONTINUES TO DOMINATE! OVER 37%!!

@sharonDay5: The ONLY hope for America to break from the single Party Establishment is to Vote for @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016

@Foosball38: @realDonaldTrump we need a Real LEADER to LEAD. Lets make America great again! VOTE TRUMP 2016

@sempek1: @BretBaier @realDonaldTrump Trump is talking about highways, huge building projects - not as Steve Hayes said - small fry

@ManahawkinMikey: @realDonaldTrump @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN At least @megynkelly came to her senses #asksean

@darcy027027:  @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN Just In! 10/6/15 Morning Poll Trump +18% Trump 31 Carson 13 Rubio 10 Bush 7 Fiorina 6

@nedbello: @realDonaldTrump Your Doing GREAT!  Thanks

@GardiBates: @ananavarro @cnn @realDonaldTrump Why are you even on tv? U sound like nails on a chalkboard. Biased against Trump.  So true!

@For2016: pundits love to take a snippet, out of context, from something DonaldTrump says, and then weave a blanket of bullshit around it

@bluegirlvi: @BretBaier @FoxNews DonaldTrump GOD voters are NOT getting tired of Trump! Hes winning over others too #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@pnicastro1:  @WayneNewtonMrLV He did give tremendous praise for you this morning on @foxandfriends. Keep it up!Make America Great Again!

@lewgeraldine: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT YOU HAVE MY VOTE.  GREAT

@ChadR73: Guess Barry Diller is afraid @realDonaldTrump is about to upset the crony applecart. #Trump2016 @Carl_C_Icahn An angry fool!

@TheConnieMoore: @realDonaldTrump see u Sat in GA !!  Great!

@rogerhartford8: @realDonaldTrump hope you win it all . Time for a change !!

@TN_RiverFolk: My 2016 Vote will B based on #MakeAmericaGreatAgain NOT Eminent DomainAmericans need 2Prioritize

@Jrdavisii: @realDonaldTrump was great! @stephenfhayes is jealous that Trump didnt mention him. Its because SH is so wrong!

@4mostcoach: I enjoy every @realDonaldTrump speech IN ITS ENTIRETY NOBODYs going 2 tell me what our NEXT PRESIDENT says but HIM

True!

I will be on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM

Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump via Washington Examiner

Crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in Iowa on meremember they wanted my million dollarsI said nototal frauds!

@WayneNewtonMrLV  Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much

@kitkat123frank: @realDonaldTrump @CNN @SpecialKMB1969. You have my vote

@SteveBrainard1: @realDonaldTrump @CNN great interview Trump!

@CPO_Mark_2010: @realDonaldTrump is fired up on @cnn!!! So are your supporters!! #Trump2016

@WMikeWood: @cnn Trump Shuts down Cuomo. I am not getting out. I am going to win. Cuomo tries sleazy tricks . Epic Fail. Unprofessional

@jpm05880: @realDonaldTrump @CNN TRUMP EVEN SHARPER THAN LAST WEEK!!YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL

@AJ_Nix: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Great job Mr Trump,,,Kept em on topic,, Got your message though

@Nay_2xTimes: Great interview on #NewDay @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@Tea4Freedom: @realDonaldTrump @CNN That was awesome, boss! #trump2016

@Lisa_Steen: seriously Cuomo hates DonaldTrump he was a pathetic interviewer AS USUAL! Please dont go anywhere Mr Trump AMERICA NEEDS YOU

@realbigstriper: @ChrisCuomo Pew poll: @realDonaldTrump holds commanding lead @CNNPolitics

@AngelaDale143: @realDonaldTrump @CNN wow, did Trump kick ass with Cuomo! You are the man, Mr. Trump; certainly not the lamb chop, Rubio

@LindaRicker6: My choice @realDonaldTrump just finished a great interview on CNN. Pathetic questions from Cuomo but Trump cleared the air

@Karentalk: @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump Stop interrupting Trump..Please..He is CORRECT ON EVERYTHING

@LarrySchweikart: @peddoc63 @RickCanton @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio Funny. The Donald living rent-free in lil Marcos head

@CASuperrunner: @cu_mr2ducks @FoxNews @foxnewspolitics  Trump talked about this weeks ago as a possibility .... this is not Rubios idea

Dont ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@jaxx613: @realDonaldTrump @Renhowe @donlemon @CNN . Mark Levin interview was great

@Q1776: Love fest for DonaldTrump on @marklevinshow just now. Top 5 talk radio audience in country. Great being on the show with Mark!

@Knight276: @Writeonright @Real_Carl_Icahn @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump media is confused they bash trump he rises in polls!

@4udirtyrat: @realDonaldTrump 9 million MORE out of work because of this BAD DEAL.Will have over 100 MILLION out of work. Nice going Obama

@Raddmom: @realDonaldTrump - dont let the media &amp; the @GOP elites push you out- Americans are with you! Thanks, I wont!

@TheWTFTahoe: @realDonaldTrump will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@KingVantes: @AnnCoulter @RedState TRUTH .Just like Perry, Walker, Bush .. all yall who go after @realDonaldTrump WILL FAIL  #Trump2016

So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@Forbes: If Donald Trump puts his name on X, it will sell for 3.7 times more than it would otherwise.  Nice!

@TODAYshow: Were pleased to announce that Donald Trump has just accepted our invitation for a town hall. -@SavannahGuthrie  So true!

@WayneDupreeShow: HEADLINES: Donald Trump maintains huge lead on opponents as polls go #KeepingItReal

@marklevinshow: Donald Trump will be on my show tonight at 8:30 PM eastern time. Will be my great honor, so much to talk about!

Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!

Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina

The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal

For all of my fantastic  supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!

@PaulRSidneyUK: I cannot believe the increase in illegals here in San Antonio Texas. We are the minority constantly discriminated against

Im leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, Im going to win!

@MichellePippin: @realDonaldTrump When are you coming to #virginiabeach? Very soon!

@AndreaTantaros: DonaldTrump is right. And sadly Christians were treated better under Hussein &amp; Gaddafi than ISIS

@DGrant39107133: @nathanpaul1975 Clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99% of people would be in jail for what she did

@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump You said it best! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@Margee11: WATCH @realDonaldTrump Fires Up the Crowd in Franklin, Tennessee  via @trumpstump2016

@nathanpaul1975: @realDonaldTrump Hollywood doesnt get to pick our presidents we the people do!! GO TRUMP!

Will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 A.M

Will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC    at 10:00 A.M

@TrumpNewMedia: @carrillo_pete ILLEGAL ALIENS FOUND GUILTY OF MURDERING BORDER PATROL AGENT

The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!

@TheNewsClub_US: RT @realDonaldTrump @laurencristmann: @topcota1SG @PhxKen i cant wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP #RT #CNN #HBO

@TheNewsClub_US: RT @realDonaldTrump Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30. #RT #CNN #HBO

@DeborahCroce5: @realDonaldTrump ends speech in Franklin, Tennessee w/ Thank You I Love You All!! We love you 2 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@laurencristmann: @realDonaldTrump @topcota1SG @PhxKen i cant wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP in MAY and NOVEMBER  Thanks

@joetoohey: This morning on @meetthepress - @chucktodds sit down with @realDonaldTrump in his NYC Campaign HQ #MTP

@polemicism: Okay okay @realDonaldTrump was right: LaGuardia Airport is a total dump. Like really, really bad

@lindaleereyes: @realDonaldTrump Great Job Donald!!! Cant waite for you to be President and neither can America!!

@misterdish69: @IAmFreedomMan @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh @realDonaldTrump @CNN

@BillPwr1:  @collegestump @CNN @FoxNews @DRUDGE_REPORT @blackrepublican FYI @batchelorshow @larry_kudlow #Trump2016 appeal grows!

@NeilForell: Watched the roast of @realDonaldTrump You took those jokes like a champ, what a good sport! Im voting for you now  Great

@topcota1SG: @PhxKen I am Hispanic and will vote for @realDonaldTrump

@sfurnbac: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for the great #SNL this week!!!

@piercingshawn: @realDonaldTrump Please dont roll over . You are this countrys last hope and our kids need you. Dont lose this deal !

@SolFusionGreg: @Mediaite The more the Progressives &amp; RINOs poke at the DonaldTrump the stronger he gets and more REAL PEOPLE like him!

@scottferson: .@TaranKillam plays a way better fake @realDonaldTrump than a real @HillaryClinton plays herself @nbcsnl

@leftfootjustice: If @realDonaldTrump becomes @POTUS we will finally have a @WWE Hall of Famer as President

@RealReagan0503: Its funny how they say @realDonaldTrump doesnt give specifics but hes the only one who put out more than 2 policies

@JWbananastand: @nbcsnl I think I just heard @realDonaldTrumps ratings go up another 5% #Trump #SNL

Tune in to see me on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos at 10am ET. Enjoy!

I will be on @MeetThePress with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on @NBC. Enjoy!

Just leaving Nashville, Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon!

Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they love each other.They dont - word is hate!

Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last establishment man standing against me.Great

@elkay14: @jordanfax I like gutsy brave guys like #Trump #Reagan , I hate all those bloody hypocrites @realDonaldTrump Thank you

@collegestump: Cant wait for @realDonaldTrump to be the next pres.  @CNN @FoxNews @DRUDGE_REPORT @blackrepublican

Thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!

@gse_says: Overwhelming wins by @realDonaldTrump in primaries will prove what will happen (landslide) in the general election

@mormontim: Going to see @realDonaldTrump tomorrow in franklin TN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@tvegan: DonaldTrump your kicking everyones ASS! always believed in this Country ! your going to make America Great Again ! Mr President!

@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump great numbers #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Thanks

@misskellyaudrey: @FoxNews @HowardKurtz @MELANIATRUMP Melania is a beautiful woman who conducts her self with Class and Dignity #Trump2016

@HowardKurtz: @JoeNBC Itd be humorous to cull tweets from experts over past few mos who have predicted Trumps immediate collapse

@HowardKurtz: Trumps big lead in a new poll and whether Jebs stuff happens was taken out of context with @megynkelly tonight Thanks H!

@valerieannt:  @DRUDGE_REPORT @JebBush Jeb you are falling in polls because conservatives feel that you cannot #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@apolloNC1: @realDonaldTrump @MNManstein2 You will be the next president of the USA!! Thank you Mr Trump. Sincerely the middle class!!

@KelliHeathman1: Megan Kelly admitted Trump was leading by a lot!! That talk with Ailes must have worked... Time to get tough. TRUMP 2016

@TheNewsClub_US: RT  @MNMans: Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters  #RT #CNN #HBO

@KenPettigrew: Dont slow down the Trump storm... American needs leadership not a Paper President like Obama. Dont leave us with Jeb!

@MNManstein2: Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters Show Donald Trump Surging With 34 - 35% Support...  via

@thehill: P. Diddy is a fan of Donald Trump:

@swterry91: Donald Trump Leads by 9 Points in Pew Poll  Jeb Bush in Free Fall #tcot

Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging @MontesKitchen in upstate, New York

Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of @MontesKitchen in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!

@Tea4Freedom: Pastor Robert Jeffres accurately gushes about Donald Trump  Pastor Jeffres is a great guy!

@billsupdates: Why Buffalo Bills could be responsible for Donald Trump becoming president  Team has a great owner!

@DoDFiredawg78: @realDonaldTrump Virginians stand with you sir! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident

Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!

I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!

@VoteDonaIdTrump: @realDonaldTrump @Renhowe @donlemon @CNN we love trump

@Renhowe: I enjoyed @donlemons interview with @realDonaldTrump on @CNN Need more interviews like that. Thanks

@RLHoldenSr: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! Obama is destroying the US!

@TheBrodyFile: The HUGE @TheBrodyFile DonaldTrump faith-based story runs tomorrow (Friday) on @700club. @ABCFamily channel at 10am ET

@WETHEPEOPLE65: @realDonaldTrump @BigStick2013 @TIMENOUT @CNN @donlemon GO TRUMP, OUR GUY

My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings

@JYakburger: @EthaBrooke  IF @MittRomney ran more like @realDonaldTrump and less like McCain, he wouldve won. Failed campaign tactics

I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!

@gedion_t: @realDonaldTrump @EthaBrooke @MittRomney No body knows foreign policy any better than Trump. Vote T

@Def: CNBCs John Harwood Today We dont have Superman presidents No DonaldTrump replied ..But we WILL if you have Trump! #Trump2016

@EthaBrooke: @cs1racefan @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney The truth about Romney...he didnt want the presidency bad enough!  He choked!

@EthaBrooke:  @MittRomney Like always you are telling the truth.I liked Romney and voted for him but he didnt fight hard enough. True!

@msann43: How can Illinois keep @realDonaldTrump off the ballot? Illinois citizens should protest. Just another phony Politico story. Easy!

@barreto_eugenio:  @MittRomney its sad, but GOP does not want you as their candidate. But we the people do. Latinos for Trump

@MittRomney is trying to hit back at me because Im saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Shouldve wonhe choked!

Thanks

@JayRHaw: @realDonaldTrump was right. @RandPaul wont last. Even Paul knew it. Thats why hes still running for his Senate seat  #Trump2016

@JoyCardinShow: Latest @MULawPoll finds @ScottWalker at 37 percent approval, @realDonaldTrump leading GOP in #Wisconsin

@Margaretweber48: @realDonaldTrump Rand Paul put the nail in his coffin when he bashed Ted Cruz. Bye, bye Rand!

@WMikeW: Its hard to get through corrupt media filter but Trump is doing it. Check out 9/30/15 @donlemon intview

Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!

@sternbutgreg: @realDonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack. I live in Iowa. Its real. Thank you!

@TIMENOUT: @CNN @donlemon congratulations Don that was a great interview @realDonaldTrump

@CFT1: .@realDonaldTrump Great interview on @CNN @donlemon @CNNTonight #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TRUMP

@angeloftruth11: @realDonaldTrump great interview with @donlemon. Thank you

@AnnieClarkCole: How can anyone vote for Hillary when she careless with emails that jeopardize our security. She is not to be trusted

@jaycatalyst1: @realDonaldTrump Univision execs are hypocrites.They dish out the most discrimination. You should highlight that point

@Hashtag1USA: I just watched D Trumps interview on @CNN i get more impressed everytime i hear him speak! @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016-Thanks

Trumps Tax Plan: A Proposal Reagan Would Approve? by Jeff Bell

I will be interviewed by @donlemon tonight on @CNN at 10PM

Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate

Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root

Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy!

Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents &amp; is totally controlled!

Highly respected economist @Larry_Kudlow is a big fan of my tax planthank you Larry

Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!

@kissmeandrocco: @realDonaldTrump who ever thinks Donald trump is a bad person u just dont want a good country Thank you

Just read that Trump has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!

I watched lightweight Senator  Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!

Great!

Carl Icahn said this about me:  I think at this moment in time, hes the only candidate that speaks out about the countrys problems

Definitely watch @Carl_C_Icahn s Danger Ahead. Very insightful, particularly on how corp inversions hurt America:

I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the racehe is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them

Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!

@polina6: @realDonaldTrump MAN WITH A PLAN-THE BEST TAX PLAN! GO TRUMP 2016!

Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!

Wow, the ratings for @60Minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!

The GOP Debate Scorecard: Donald Trump and Energy  by Wayne Allyn Root

Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate

Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!

Will be doing @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics

Thanks

@SpurrellJulie  First time in my life I wish I was an American citizen so I could vote for @realDonaldTrump !!

I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan-  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

LIVE on #Periscope: Tax Plan Press Conference
#Trump2016

Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at @TrumpTowerNY

@ReversingASD: @60Minutes notice how your twits about @realDonaldTrump are the most RT!  We the American ppl love and want #Trump2016 !

@fanodale: @60Minutes @realDonaldTrump watched 60 mins first time ever. Love Trump hate Scotty

@JodiL792: @DefendingtheUSA @america_trump @60Minutes Thats exactly what I thought. We havent had great leader since Reagan&amp;now Trump

@yang_karl: All Scott Pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be Trump

@AdiosLiberty: @60Minutes @realDonaldTrump @ScottPelley Havent seen that much hatred in an interviewer since the 1st debate. #trump2016

@JennaLeeUSA: When asked why he has his own magazine covers on his walls - @realDonaldTrump replies: Its cheaper than wall paper... Ha!

@SkyeShepard: Trump went way up in my poll when he said hed take money from what US is giving 2 other countries 2 save social security

@Apipwhisperer: @MarkPavelich @gentlemanirish @60Minutes  EXCELLENT WATCHING PUTINS BRILLIANCE AND TRUMPS. @CBS I LOVED THE INTERVIEWS

@greta: . @realDonaldTrump announces his tax plan tomorrow morning

@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump While the former KGB Putin gets softballs, Trump gets the Matt Harvey fastball and hits it out of the park

@midwestcaucus:  @60Minutes Great interview,Trump ruled. Great response 2 Trade War claim. All anyone has 2 do is look at foreign tariffs

@MeOnAJourney @realDonaldTrump Imagine that, an American president standing up for the American people! Go Trump Go! #Trump2016

@truthshallbe: @60Minutes @realDonaldTrump Been watching!!! Brilliant Mr. Trump, he is so Awesome!! And real

Hope we all enjoy  @60Minutes tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!

@Incazzato2015: @realDonaldTrump Time for real change, TRUMP 16

@JokerzWild_: @realDonaldTrump @TheIntellect111 Trump will win, I know it

@itsblakec: @realDonaldTrump we are tired of lies. Trump 2016

@FreeStateYank: Ex-wife Ivana Trump says @realDonaldTrump can win, likely WILL win, and will be a great President

@TheIntellect111: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump Please Do not give in.You are Changing History. We Need you as our Next Leader, Its Your Time

Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed

@Karentalk: @RogerJStoneJr  @megynkelly Fiorina is not surging..she is begging for money..and she owns this

@taurus82409: @CBS @60Minutes Look forward to it, Donald. You are doing Great! Please keep up the fight, many of us are behind you 100%!!

Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!

@realDonaldTrump: I will be on @cbs @60minutes this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it

@Vote_Trump:  Think about it. Whens the last time a Prez actually did what he said? TRUMP does what he says. Will Be Greatest Prez Ever

An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at

Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!

Thank you @FrankLuntz

I will be on @cbs @60minutes this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it

@THR The Donald Trump Ratings Bump: Whos Benefiting Most?

@TheHill- Trump on Boehner resignation: Its a good thing

Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! @marcorubio

@MarcoRubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country

Dishonest @politico just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, &amp; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters

At the Old Post Office-

I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!

Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!

Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office

@Rketeltas:  @JoeMarzocco Waiting for the biased media to write about the 30,000 Carly fired as a failed CEO. America is for Trump!

@megynkelly, the @FoxNews   poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st

@JoeMarzocco: @realDonaldTrump They attack Trump for not giving policy  is the most important detail, he WINS

@yayala19:  @marcorubio WHAT THE LOBBYISTS, THE MEDIA AND CAREER POLITICIANS WILL DO NEXT TO TRY TO STOP TRUMP? SILENT MAJORITY IS BACK

Just watched @marcorubio on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesnt have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen

@yayala19: @politico WHEN THE OTHER CANDIDATES ARE TALKING POLITICS TRUMP IS TALKING SOLUTIONS. HE IS THE MOST TALENTED CANDIDATE

Wow, a really nice lead in New Hampshire--- an increase since my last poll!

The failing @politico news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!

@politico, which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something

Dishonest @nytimes reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward

Bloomberg: Trump leads GOP field

Despite the establishment and the medias best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!

New Bloomberg Poll: Trump Leads Big

So happy about my daughter @IvankaTrumps announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!

Will be on @Morning_Joe at 6:30 A.M

Will be on @CNN at 7:00 A.M

@FoxNews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit @RichLowry to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!

Incompetent @RichLowry lost it tonight on @FoxNews. He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!

Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to @StephenAtHome  @colbertlateshow

@FoxNews has been treating me very unfairly &amp; I have therefore decided that I wont be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future

Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player, he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed

Headline reads Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5%, Rubio 19.2%, Bush 11.3%

@JuliInkster  Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!

@Mark60644:  @megynkelly still cannot figure out this massive base of support for Trump is because he is anti- politician. #Trump2016

I will be doing @colbertlateshow at 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy!

I will be the featured guest on the season opener of  @60Minutes this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!

Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!

I think @megynkelly should take another eleven day unscheduled vacation

Do you ever notice that lightweight @megynkelly constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally  sexist. She is highly overrated!

Senator Marco amnesty Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said dont go into Iraq. VISION

I will be on the @colbertlateshow tonight at 11:30

Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur

Morning Consult poll: Trump Leads

2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate

@JimShellenback: @realDonaldTrump @EdwardChelednik @FoxNews I steer away from Fox now. Never thought that would happen

@HuskerPower811: @celestefick @realDonaldTrump Have you listened to his plans for Vets when he takes office? Theyre Incredible!!

@BradANGSA:  Trump is the only candidate telling the truth... the GOP is planning to stab Trump in the back

@IgnatiusGReilly: @charlescwcooke @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews will you cry when Marco Amnesty loses nomination?

@MiriamRoseMc:  #TRUMp2016 would be the best for the country, jobs, trade and taxes - all others are status quo #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@JimClarkFarrier: @Rockprincess818 @LeahR77 @realDonaldTrump is the only one who can get us out of this mess!  True!

@glendabelle_11: @FoxNews Fox has become a supporter of Liberals!They are Not supporting the GOP candidates-especially Trump! Quit watching

@EdwardChelednik: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Hey Donald your not alone. I cant watch it at all. Used to be all i watched

@bobby990r_1: @MediaBiasAlert  @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump is fighting for middle class and veterans! Discussing trade deals

@VickyBrush:  Do what most of us are doing! Turn off @FoxNews! There is a major boycott going on with them, anyway. Problem solved!

@wallen_jeanine: @realDonaldTrump I can only watch Hannity. I think he is the only one in your corner

@AngelaTribble: @realDonaldTrump WE LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE WE KNOW YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE TO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thanks

@JodiL792:  @FoxNews I have been since you started running &amp; I noticed Meghan Kellys attacks. Stopped watching. Only Hannity 4 sure. Yes!

@ethansimmons111: @AllRepublicans @Ecsullie @RagingCynicism @FoxNews @oreillyfactor @KarlRove Karl Rove is a JOKE OWNED BY the BUSH family

@madscape: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews and millions will agree with you! Most of us on twitter now view OAN network

@seleti00: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews They attack you more then CNN or MSNBC combined. Just a bunch of old Bush appointee Rhinos

@TheMindWave:  @FoxNews Im not sure why u r giving them this much importance, they had wanted to take u down in debate and they failed!!

@joeoh89: @seanhannity  @realDonaldTrump What happened to The Pledge? Walker quits and slams Trump. Losers proving Pledge was sham

@PhyllisA: @Hopeisalive66 @jdanielmoore @theblaze @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump thats ok! The more they talk the better POTUS Trump looks!

@waynearmstron10: @realDonaldTrump you must be relentless and maintain energy, and respond as you have been. Its a marathon.  True

@ellenEspence: @marklevinshow Thank you for maintaining your integrity during this disgusting lynching of @realDonaldTrump  Thanks Mark!

@RichLowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads - he doesnt have a clue!

I am having a really hard time watching @FoxNews

@john_dipaolo: @realDonaldTrump will get out disaffected Repub base voters as well as Democrats looking for a real choice on immigration

@diannrr: @megynkelly Do you dream about @realDonaldTrump? Hes in your head. Let it go. She is the worst - all anti-Trump! Terrible show

@Rbbrkhd: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor  @FoxNews The way you have treated @realDonaldTrump is totally unacceptable...CNN has been fair

@blewthebigone: @realDonaldTrump Cant even think what the race would be without you in it

@tammyhorne19: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor love you trump

@coolgirl6978:  @oreillyfactor @FoxNews this is bull fox. OReilly, I expect better from you. What is going on? Fair and balanced my ass

@bewhatjesuswas: @oreillyfactor @FoxNews You dominate not because of them-but despite them;They need you more than you need them

@Patrick92299179: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Couldnt agree more!

@RagingCynicism: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor theyre not Trump haters. Theyre spoon fed morons

@oreillyfactor, why dont you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!

@oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. @FoxNews not good for me!

@alivelutheran: @TODAYshow touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!

Via HuffPost Pollster #1

I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by @greta #OnTheRecord

I got to know @ScottWalker wellhes a very nice person and has a great future

Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes

@JudgeMoroz  Zogby is respected in the business of polling ~ the media is attempting to silence the message @realDonaldTrump

#AskTrump @TwitterNYC

I had a great time at @TwitterNYC #AskTrump

I just wrapped up a Q&amp;A @TwitterNYC. Thanks for all your questions! #AskTrump

@_Just_Mads_ #asktrump

@MarieLeff #asktrump

@joycefinance #asktrump

@Modern_Do_Good #asktrump

@ARealSuperMan #asktrump

@HighSock_Sunday #asktrump

@KyleStephens30 #asktrump

@EliseChristine #asktrump

@MarketMavensInc #asktrump

@dixierhilton #asktrump

#AskTrump Getting ready to answer your questions

Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it!

Jeb has been confused for forty years-

Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs!

#AskTrump Send me your questions to answer live from @TwitterNYC later this afternoon

New Zogby poll highly respected but the media wont report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!

@alivelutheran: @TODAYshow touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!

@linley4067_jane: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Fox is using you for ratings. They want u out of the race. Refuse

@mickelsenkyle: @TODAYshow could you make your interview with @realDonaldTrump any more biased or... #TrumpForPresident

@talsept58: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends You are great!!

@Dis_labeledVet: @realDonaldTrump here is a Clinton insider who admitted Hillary started the whole Obamas a Muslim

@JohnSte38475254: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews  ...Why is Fox being so hard on u? I dont get it...are they idiots?

@nunyabus1: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends you go trumpy, dont back down  I wont

@TheBrodyFile: On the Muslim issue: It might help @BarackObama if he actually supported Christians religious liberty rights

@TheBrodyFile: On the Muslim issue: It might help @BarackObama if he didnt take five years to visit Israel

@PaulkDebra: @TODAYshow @realDonaldTrump I totally support you! You have this Ga. Girls vote!!!

@MNTwisterChaser: Thanks @SavannahGuthrie and @NBCNews for showing us how lopsided you are! Use your own poll! #trainwreck #Trump2016

The @TODAYshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used @CNN numbers where my lead is smaller

Will be on @foxandfriends  now. Enjoy!

@SaijoSaijo75: @realDonaldTrump thank you for your personal and financial sacrifices to make america great again!

Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres

We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!

I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far.   Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!

I have been leading big in all  polls, with two more today, @nbc and @CNN. The NBC poll is more than double next,  at 29%. Fiorina has 11%

There is no way that Carly  Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!

I will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?

@LeghanLiptak712: CNN tried to destroy Donald Trump with vaccine autism question, but he gave this AMAZING response

@MoeHoward86: THE best interview thus far...keep it up Trump! Donald Trump: Enough With the Nice!  via @YouTube

Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &amp; @UrbandaleSchool. I had a great time in Iowa today!

A great night in Iowa!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!

Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great

If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that mans right of free speech. A no win situation!

If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!

This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something

Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I dont think so!

Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow-

Ive just released my position papers on The Second Amendment

Thank you

GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!  
  -- Donald J. Trump

Wow, great post-debate poll: Trump Increases Lead via Breitbart

Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the @NYDailyNews.  A wonderful and talented guy!

Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 10 PM. Enjoy!

Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Just announced that in the history of @CNN, last nights debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note?

#CNNDebate

#CNNDebate

The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun!

#CNNDebate Winning the @drudge_report poll-

Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!

A great honor from somebody that knows how to win!

Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe @CNN is milking it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!

@onesoldiersmom: @seanhannity @MarkSteynOnline  No one can imitate Trump. Hes one of a kind. I love him more each day. #Trump2016  Thanks

@skulls2001: We are a Cuban family from Miami Florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in Miami. Great

@PMgeezer: Only 15 percent of @GOP voters said they would not back @realDonaldTrump as the partys standard-bearer

@chriscoxb2b: @realDonaldTrump - Donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader

@almy23841665: @DlSCORD @realDonaldTrump More Veterans will vote for Trump than you can believe! I cant imagine they wouldnt!

@97Musick: @AC360 @CNN The sold to lobbyists candidates are wasting their money. ON the BORDER and IMMIGRATION, Trump WILL win

I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!

Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!

@rushlimbaugh Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!

The polls are really looking good#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. Im turning down millions

Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you @mcuban

@club4growth asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. Ill lower big league for middle class

My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony @club4growth says I will raise taxesjust another lie

Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said NO. Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!

Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!

Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp; @V4SA on @USSIOWA at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military!

Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!

I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info:

Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!

Unbelievable crowd in Dallas!

Vets mistreated, NO border security? Im with @V4SA this Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us!

The event with me and @V4SA in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before theyre gone

Looking forward to joining @V4SA Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the @USSIowa - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us!

My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!

Thanks Mark, will be fun

To all my fans, sorry I couldnt do The Apprentice any longerbut equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!

Congrats to my friend @Schwarzenegger who is doing next seasons  Celebrity Apprentice. Hell be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity

My honor, thank you

@Doctr__Wang @CNN Nice! I love how Trump has a way of putting people on the spot. I wonder what CNN will do. The Veterans appreciate it!

Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?

@Hashtag1USA: @realDonaldTrump Trump rocked Iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters #Trump2016

@Mey: I dont know how any American can watch this video and not want to vote for @realDonaldTrump #TeamTrump

@whyWinblo: @realDonaldTrump please make this country great again &amp; help secure our borders Mr. Trump, youre our last hope. #Trump2016

@jeffraykovich: @realDonaldTrump Are you going to come to Wisconsin in the near future?#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Yes

@DaveInKeno: Mr. Trump, Sir, this country is, and has been, on a path of self destruction and needs you to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@joeearle: @Pistol044 Theres only one Ill never support: @realDonaldTrump

@Edward1:Trump Knows how to get things done. He has guts to say what needs to be said. Hell deal with Putin more effectively than anyone

@BigBrotherKat: I hated to love it, but @realDonaldTrump was hilarious on @jimmyfallon last night! @nbc #thedonald

Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people

Too many people on stage for debate. @RandPaul at 11th, with 2% in @RealClearNews, shouldnt be allowed to participate

I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, @RandPaul, didnt get the right gene

Lightweight Senator @RandPaul should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him

Donald Trump Sends @FallonTonight to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. @JimmyFallon, that is #HUGE!

Trumps Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times

@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!

Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Enjoy!

@BrandyDianeK2: @realDonaldTrump @davist19  Thats awesome when younger people can see we need Trump!

@ArthurOHara: #Trump International Hotel &amp; Golf Links. Luxury resort in #Doonbeg on Irelands @wildatlanticway

@MlSSTHOT: @realDonaldTrump: Ignore the losers and the haters, you are  going to make this country great again

@joehos18: Trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. Better than any other candidate. Better than all

@ColinCavall: You were a great sport on the show and I have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making America great again

@Trump_in_2016: @realDonaldTrump does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul

@DanielleBoussel: I fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong-@realDonaldTrump

@MlSSTHOT: @realDonaldTrump I want our president to be smart AND witty like you Mr Trump Thanks

@LukeDillon6: If @realDonaldTrump doesnt become the next president, then that just shows how dumb America really is. #trump Nice, thanks!

@ravila30:Loved you on Jimmy lastnight &amp; how you showed you like to have fun/are able to laugh at yourself! Do you ever sleep tho? Not much

@HamishP95: @realDonaldTrump My Dad is thinking of voting for the first time ever for you.  Great

@TrumpDemocrats: Carson on @CNN now. He is worse than Jeb; like ambien for insomnia. We need energy in the White House. We need DonaldTrump

@JohnnnnyT: @realDonaldTrump blew it away on @FallonTonight. The ratings will be HUUUGE

@pennybishop16: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon  Great show! Trump you are Awesomeness! God Bless! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@iamapatsfan: What are your thoughts on your good friend Tom Bradys performance yesterday?  He was fantastic, a total winner!

@5SOS_jrt1d: Mr. Trump, you werent just HUGE on @FallonTonight - you were AWESOME. WISDOM and HUMOR ARE A POWERFUL COMBINATION!!!

@KittenHoliday: At the neighborhood bar talking about @realDonaldTrump we need him We will make America great again!

@lizaperri: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon You even made the show great again

@unknown_resist: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon Trump will be our leader and we will be thankful!

@davist19: If I was 18 Id vote for @realDonaldTrump Thank you!

@debra0155: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon absolutely, hes just simply the best #realdonaldtrump

@Chrisofficer23: @realDonaldTrump @jenilynn1001 @FallonTonight loved the show....trump2016

@DesignerDeb3:  @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate against illegals. We will have America back - &amp; jobs

@jenilynn1001: @FallonTonight @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@GinHay: Trumps polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on @jimmyfallon tonight. The young people are going to love him!

Backstage with @jimmyfallon before opening skit- great fun! @fallontonight

The Tonight Show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 P.M.  ENJOY!

Amazing crowd outside @FallonTonight. Tune in tonight at 11:30

@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!

On @FallonTonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!

Via The Hill No Tickets Left for Trumps Dallas Rally

@robertjeffress I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @FoxNews. Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you

Just purchased NBCs half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!

Lets all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!

Oh wow, lightweight Governor @BobbyJindal, who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!

Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa

Very good newsthe new Quinnipiac poll just came outI am #1 in Iowa

I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! @jimmyfallon

I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and Ive been proven right

Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him

@Plruble58 @realDonaldTrump The numbers are amazing!  #GoGoGo

Ill be on @greta ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM

Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me

I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!

Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . Probably true, but not nice!

I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here-

A letter to @CNN President Jeff Zucker-

See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!

@americanhowl: While @realDonaldTrump rallies #NoIranDeal tomorrow, @JebBush will call China to ask for donations

@christa_dorsett: @realDonaldTrump we want Trump! America needs him desperately!

@Chris0u24: @realDonaldTrump Ive just lost hope Mr Trump. Hope you put America back the way it was

Via @USATODAY- Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal

Will be on Bill OReilly @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!

A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) &amp; Hispanic numbers (31%)

Im on Bill @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Jebs policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brotherswow!

The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me just a little but is very false!

Im self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for Jeb &amp; others are starting to do big adsdesperate! Dont believe them

Wake up Jeb supporters!

Thank you @IngrahamAngle for your strength &amp; wonderful words last night on @FoxNews, but @KarlRove is easy to beat!

Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert

Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran

Look forward to being in DC tomorrowbig crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran

Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!

Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!

Remember, Ill see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 oclock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center

@georgeokc: @realDonaldTrump @libertyladyusa For my mind, do whatever you think is right, you have nothing to prove, just save our nation

@saneplanet: @toddwmoore01 @realDonaldTrump I know. Gives in secret without even a writeoff. @greta spilled beans about 25k Thank you!

@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency, except jobs pres @realDonaldTrump!

Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!

@sunnykcollins: Jeb Bush, Family Ties and a Museum That Never Materialized  Not good!

@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except jobs @realDonaldTrump

@kylesteckel: @club4growth @realDonaldTrump The letter is out, liars

@afievoli: @realDonaldTrump We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!

@rnull65:  I am 72 year old female. You give me hope 1st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016!

@jimlibertarian:  @SlwStdySque Donald has already done many great things,he has woke America up and people are screaming Donald everywhere

@soz58: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth its good to show the public such things,a lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars

@TheUSDesigns: @seanhannity WOW! Here is letter that mafia organization of extortion, Club for Growth, sent

@SeanBolza: Sure hope you will do great things. You are giving us something to look forward to, and make America great again. Go Trump

@jackson3pack: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth Wow. So disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! Like its no big deal

@Lo7us_: vote for Trump #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump

@broewads: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN

@1ns1de_J9b: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth  Borderline extortion scam. They would have used your $1M to extract donations from others

@DeanAllen12: @club4growth  Club4Growth will do anything for a handout just like every other POLITICIAN running... Pay to Say organization

@SlwStdySqueeze: @realDonaldTrump is gonna do some great things! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@cadigirl13: @realdonaldtrump You are our only hope ! Keep strong Mr.Trump Thank you

@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?

@jasonusmc2017: @blayne_troy @realDonaldTrump: He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor

@Michelleri: Trump Leads as Bush Crashes  No #GOP establishment and/or pro-amnesty candidates #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@SamSteel10: @shook_stephanie @slone as long as we can stay strong and give @realDonaldTrump our support. Hes the leader

I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran

The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!

Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!

The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!

@tropic20: @realDonaldTrump do you see whats in Tom Bradys Locker?

@ryanamberwhite: Check it out, @realDonaldTrump, all the way from Wyoming! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain   Thank  you

@HardcoreRepub:  @realDonaldTrump  AMERICA will be working again. BUSINESSMAN &gt; POLITICIAN. Private sector growth above all. #Trump2016

@PressTV: Poll: Trump beats Clinton head-to-head matchup    Thank you!

If the presidential election were held today, according to this @surveyusa poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem:

The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!

By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!

Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED

Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just cant read speeches!

Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasnt even see through glass, it was black

Saudi Arabia was vehemently against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?

Just announced that because of Trump, advertising rates for debate on @CNN are going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY?

Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on @CNN. He is just a 3rd rate gotcha guy!

Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical gotcha questions

The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast,  before it is too late!

@MeghanMcCain was terrible on @TheFive yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. @FoxNews can do so much better!

Terrific response to my previous tweet: Ill be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM

So nice, thank you Laura

Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field, Flirts With 40 Percent in Alabama Poll

Ill be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.  Will be great to be back in Texas

Will be on @Morning_Joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!

@bentomchik: @chucktodd: is there something to learn from @realDonaldTrump success? #Election2016

@LettyNTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump

@linnie13: @greta @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I love Donald Trump. For ONCE I feel like someone out there running actually cares about us

The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

LIVE on #Periscope: Watch major press conference live from @TrumpTowerNY now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!

The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just dont win anymore!

@LettyNTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump Sadly, so true!

@brithume, I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks

Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP

2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier

@kevinolearytv Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!

A terrible deal with Iran!

@DRUDGE_REPORT: MEGYN KELLY TOP OF CABLE NEWS...  Megyn, say thank you Donald! @FoxNews also should say thanks!

Will be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!

@ywu510: #TrumpOnCNN revealed character and spirit. Even as @donlemon changed subjects abruptly, @realDonaldTrump spoke from heart

@sparkey03: @realDonaldTrump Go #Trump2016

@LBabcock2:  @oreillyfactor @FoxNews I have always wondered why Fox kept Rove on after his disastrous election predictions. He is a joke!

@gulfportedd: @realDonaldTrump Jeb bush couldnt shine MR trumps shoes...give me a break. Bushes are so over

@Patrick0215: @Thatsalrighty @oreillyfactor @FoxNews @KarlRove Rove is suffering from @JebBush defeatism. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been

The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!

@TheKrankyGirl: @realDonaldTrump Keep the momentum going! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@RoniSeale: BIG LEADS FOR THE PEOPLES POTUS #2016GOPNOMINATION #TRUMP2016 #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAI     Great!

Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on @oreillyfactor, you would think Im doing poorly. @FoxNews

Why does @oreillyfactor and @FoxNews always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election

Im turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributionsfeel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters

Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to attack Trump. Remember when u see them

No more Clintons or Bushes!

Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!

While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the bosses and owners of candidates. I am self funding

Jeb is spending millions of dollars on hit ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. Bad system

Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?

@BelAirCA: Only Trump is capable of cleaning up the mess America is in, thats why he has my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump   So true!

The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@highwayhopper66: @ConnieMackIV @00patriot My wife and I are both voting for trump in florida over our previous governor PERIOD! Thank you

@socalmike_SD: #Trump2016 @realdonaldtrump unofficial fight song  via @youtube Such hard work and imagination-thanks

Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only @FoxNews has not reported this? Too bad!

150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal

President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!

Very proud of Trump Intl Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from @VisitScotNews

See, I told you so

This is no act of love as Jeb Bush said

For those that dont think a wall (fence) works, why dont they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!

Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info

@nodramahea: @realDonaldTrump Gaining more supporters every day. People want change. Trump2016

Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!

Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!

@Ricky_Vaughn99: Herschel Walker: Donald Trump is my frontrunner for president  via @USATODAY

@teapartynews: Trump Wins Tea Party Groups Nashville Straw Poll - Newsmax   GREAT, THANK YOU!

Via @BreitbartNews TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT-

Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!

Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!

Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN

@joehos18: BOOM - Univision Reluctantly Reports Donald Trump Leading With Latino Republicans....  via @thelastrefuge2

Will be interviewed by @SarahPalinUSA tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!

@TDarbyMitchell: I love you Donald Trump! Ive never liked politics before u came on the scene but I finally feel like theres hope for USA

@NancyLLeonard: Love em or hate em @realDonaldTrump is changing the playing field, finally. Our country needed this wake-up call

Thank you @AmSpec

A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the teamno interest!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain From my speech in South Carolina yesterday-

Via CNN: Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination

@TheLongShotzz: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @tperkins Trump wins

@jp_sitles: @realDonaldTrump HillaryClinton: she compared republicans to terrorist but will not call terrorists , terrorists. #OhMe

@kathystone1221: @realDonaldTrump @therealbigdt @FoxNews @krauthammer #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump#usa....Trump 2016 !!!

Great job tonight on @FoxNews Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again  @tperkins

@therealbigdt: @FoxNews @krauthammer @realDonaldTrump #Trump is the Real Deal, Baby. Thank you

@PeteNice1976: @realDonaldTrump @irisodle #ToughTimes NEED A #ToughPRESIDENT #SilentMajority is back &amp; #Trump will handle #IranDeal &amp; #ISIS

@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President of the USA

@irisodle: Love you man! Im one of the silent majority thats so excited to finally have us a spokesman! Behind you all the way!

@FoxNews: .@Rub: @jorgeramosnews shouldve disclosed his daughter works for HillaryClinton &amp; Univision is being sued by @realDonaldTrump

Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!

Who wants the endorsement of a guy (@EricCantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?

@BenFergusonShow just watched you on @CNN. Thank you for your nice comments

The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself!

Great job on @CNN tonight @heytana. We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places

@KatrinaCampins You were absolutely great on @CNN! Thank you

@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!

Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network  @TheBrodyFile @CBNNews

Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!

Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!

Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!

Thank you @BillKristol. I am going to Make America Great Again!

Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, &amp; Alex Skarlatos

True, thanks

@ladycatherinecd @realDonaldTrump he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he TRUMPED again !  #Trump #tcot #Election2016

@CodyShirk @genemarks @Entrepreneur @realDonaldTrump Because he speaks &amp; acts like a real person; not like a slimy, calculated politician

@beck_coulter @realDonaldTrump Trump is the ONLY person capable of fixing this corrupt, bankrupt, divided country! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thanks

Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%

Congrats @LindseyGrahamSC. You just got 4 points in your home state of SCfar better than zero nationally. Youre only 26 pts behind me

@linda_lcarson: @realDonaldTrump Rubio and Bush cant say Wall. I guess it is not pc. Just like obama cant say islamic terrorists !!

@ASA_Patriot: @realDonaldTrump @PatrickStinard @megynkelly I could not agree more ! I now flip to other channels at 9:00pm

@RageFelix:  @GovernorPataki ... I LIVED IN NY WHEN TACKY PATAKI WAS GOV... HE WAS A TOTAL DISASTER FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK

@Dlund22226523: Gov. Scott Walker has ran Wisconsins economy into the ground. How dare he criticize you. You would fire him in a second

@ibemoshing: No hope for Jeb Bush anymore, @realDonaldTrump has been on fire! Really hope he can get the win and fix this country!

@GovernorPataki did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls

Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a fence. Its not a fence, Jeb, its a WALL, and theres a BIG difference!

Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!

In a clumsy move to get out of his anchor babies dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS

Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!

@PatrickStinard: @megynkelly Kelly File was much better without Megyn Kelly. Her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better!

@YoungYoung54:  @JeriHyatt @megynkelly @JebBush So true. Jeb Bush is crazy, who cares that he speaks Mexican, this is America, English !!

@Barbavh: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly Ordered my Trump banner today. Cant wait!

@TheBrianMo: The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From @RealDonaldTrump  #DonaldTrumpForPresident

@AdriannaMarie: @realDonaldTrump People always take cheap shots at you,they cant handle the truth.You tell it like it is.Theyre cowards

@jdwarren12: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump I appreciate you and your honesty sir  Thank you

@toneantone96: @realDonaldTrump No man or women on this Planet can give us back America with the exception of @realDonaldTrump Leadership!

@YankeesJC1: DonaldTrump Thanks for the picture! You were Awesome in Alabama! Roll Trump Roll #TrumpInAL #Trump2016

@mstanish53: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly  The bimbo back in town . I hope not for long

@MikeRaj7:  @megynkelly Show has become a opinion show. Leading questions, Stirrwalt and Thiessen, used, Fair and balanced, NOT

@swamp_bug: @seanhannity  Cruz is my second/third choice. Carson is also a good man. I look at it as war, so my choice is TRUMP

@bigpaulfla: @realDonaldTrump  She has come back looking like Nancy Grace

@ColeHudson68: @megynkelly  @FoxNews @theBlaze @greta @OreillyFactor Megyn needs to go back on vacation. What a waste of an hour on Fox

I liked The Kelly File much better without @megynkelly. Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!

@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!

@JeriHyatt: @megynkelly @JebBush @realDonaldTrump Pffffffttttt we need to do something about illegals who get more than our vets!!!!!

Via The Brody File: The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump  Thank you David &amp; CBN News--so nice

Via Intl Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank

Thank you Greta

Even Barbara Bush agrees with me-

Depression- be careful of China!

@sweetspottrader: only @realDonaldTrump can save us form this turmoil #Trump2016 Perhaps so!

@glendabelle_11 @FoxNewsInsider @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Trump supporters- volunteer ,contribute, assist campaign etc .We need Trump

@ZephyrusMatrix: Will you finally get respect for predicting U.S. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.The country needs a visionary

Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump

@john_franco: When people start losing their savings &amp; home value, they will be begging Trump to fix the economy #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A

New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember read my lips, no more taxes). GREATNESS!

Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just cant get it right!

Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on womens health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing

Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally  speaking up. Just politicians!

It has just been confirmed by  the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it  #1for pol season

How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he cant even defend his own microphone? Very sad!

Thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!

I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but @politico said the rooms capacity is just over 2000. But said Bernie  Sanders had 11,000 in same room

@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!

@dojiedojie: @realDonaldTrump Keep talking Donald....The people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!!

@crstin0516: @DanScavino @keraladubai @realDonaldTrump That chant gave me sweet, sweet chills!! #USA  #America

Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks  was largest crowd of political season. Nice!

@jessebwatters, You did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL

Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!

Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - cant be late!

Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence

@AmyMek Every Time I see @realDonaldTrump address a crowd I want to start chanting USA, USA, USA! #AmericanPride is Back #Trump2016

Great!

We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back!

How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!

Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term anchor babies, offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!

Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!

We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@2ndVoter: @SteveHuang68 agree. One of the things that is good abt @realDonaldTrump is hes forcing others out of status quo politicking

@MattyJack33:  @TomLlamasABC So refreshing to have someone call out these left wingers posing as journalists. Keep it up Trump!

@TomLlamasABC cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals

@ABCPolitics must apologize. My statement were going to get them out so fast, so quick applied to hard core criminals &amp; gang members. LIE

Behind the scenes video with Uncle Sam (eagles name) and me

Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for @TIME photo shoot

On the cover of @TIME Magazinea great honor!

Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again!

Another great poll result! Thank you!

@LKDUSA: @LKDUSA Now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like @realDonaldTrump. The rest dont cut it. ALL WIMPS!!

@WendyJFluga28: DonaldTrump is an emblem of HOPE that the best is yet to come for America! The good Trump name will be proudly displayed

Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!

Will be in New Hampshire and then on @CNN Special at 9 PM tonight

My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit  -- it is selling fast!

@MarkSteynOnline - Thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight!

@Maxinerunner: @MarkSteynOnline loved you on #Hannity speaking truth @realDonaldTrump has awakened Patriots all over this Great Country

I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country, not lobbyists, &amp; will have bipartisan support:

@aduanebrown New CNN/ORC poll: @realdonaldtrump #1 w/ 24% -- favorability rating on the rise while Jebs declines. 60% among women!!

@JoeWeissnmb @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 Walker &amp; Bush want to be like Trump. My Mom88 They sound like boys compared to Trump

@ktumulty Polls indicate that a Trump presidency is now inevitable. #August

If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline.  No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S

@JohnBerman Two explanations on @realDonaldTrump that seem no longer sufficient: 1) Its early.  2) It is all a media creation

@jasondhorowitz  I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much

Our online campaign store is open! Visit  for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise including my signature hat!

When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country

I want talented people to come into this countryto work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc

It does matter!

My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit  --- it is selling fast!

Listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!

Why does @FoxNews keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!

@RuizSeferino:  @paulfincher2 Please have mercy on all Veterans. All we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not. Trump for Pres!

@NobamaDotCom: An FYI to all the DonaldTrump haters: Weve won. Most admit TRUMP CAN WIN. And  @GeorgeWill &amp; @krauthammer - watch and learn

@BannermanJack: Rush is on fire today!He really does have his finger on the pulse. The @realDonaldTrump shamers cant win against El Rushbo

@paulfincher2: I truly believe @realDonaldTrump is Americas best choice to get our economy back on course &amp; create needed jobs

@PrimMrs: @Rockprincess818 The best Immigration Policy yet! Time for @realDonaldTrump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@1776Pirate: @LindseyGrahamSC @WashTimes @madisongesiotto agreed. We need @realDonaldTrump as president ASAP

@Techn9cian1923: @ChrisCuomo It felt Like a moment of silence when U said @realDonaldTrump DOESNT PLAY! Powerful Interview #Trump2016

@KNDetweiler: @hrkbenowen @thetimes @realDonaldTrump just released immigration plan is superior to everyone elses. Including Cruz

The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals!

I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget

@NicolleDWallace  Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!

@WriteReadRock: @thehill DonaldTrump is EVERYWHERE! At this moment he is the most famous person on Earth. And for a GOOD reason! #TRUMP2016

@javonniandjeno: @realDonaldTrump @AP @nbc Donald Trump is Clint Eastwood, the perfect hero not scared of American terrorists. Vote Trump!

Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!

LIVE on #Periscope: Good morning Iowa! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids

Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!

@AP and @HuffingtonPost should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED @NBC &amp; The Apprentice to run for President!

People dont understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Presthe Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp; folks @NBC were GREAT!

Our campaign store is officially open! Visit  to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise

Not under my watch-

@DavidHerjavec @realDonaldTrump completely right on China...just watch the news #GoTrump

Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit  to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise

My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit  --- it is selling fast!

The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before

@mikerotondo86 Only Trump can bring us back from 20 Trillion in debt... Hes the only one with the experience and skill set to do so

Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!

Our online store is officially open! Visit  to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise

@pokeyisme1971: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump 2016

@johncook4189: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor

@SenTedCruz had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul

@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. Better luck tomorrow!

Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?

We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!

@officialjtw: @realDonaldTrump Youre iconic! You are going down in the history books! #trump2016  So nice, thank you

@Roy_Propsner: @realDonaldTrump ...Dont give up, dont surrender your 3rd party OPTION

Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!

Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!

@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!

@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.Im not surprised, youre a special person

@OMAROSA You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much  you are a loyal friend!

Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman @KathieLGifford. What a couple!

Enough is Enough- no more Bushes!

Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp; assures me that Trump will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!

Oh really, check out innocent @megynkelly discussion on @HowardStern show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!

@KathieLGifford, Melania  and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!

I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20

@Libsaredemfools: @realDonaldTrump: No one knows more about business and the economy than you. You are whats right for America!

Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family

It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, &amp; I get zip!

I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!

@strayamaaaate: DonaldTrump shaking things up in US elections. Jeb Bush is really weak. Carly Fiorina shud go back to HP

@jonnati77: @EWErickson : TWITTER...has allowed the silent majority to have a voice and we want TRUMP 2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@WWDBLane: @realDonaldTrump Nice try Jeb, my wife agrees with Trump over Megyn

@OUTOF_3_9_0:  You got the the largest rating in HISTORY .. That should say all needed about you to @FoxNews!

@CommissarOfGG: You are being attacked from all sides, yet you have the peoples hearts. Just be calm and trust yourself. We love you

@granitttg: @realDonaldTrump itll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote #DonaldTrump

@george_frye: @realDonaldTrump Finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government. Go Donald!

@sacquisto23: .@realDonaldTrump you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Small crowds at @RedState today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money

Almost universal support that Trump won the debate. Only @FoxNews is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!

Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!

@redstate I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. weakness

Re Megyn Kelly quote: you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever (NOSE). Just got on w/thought

So many politically correct fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!

@DRUDGE_REPORT: ROBINSON: Establishment didnt get Trump fall they want....  Thank you!

@katygolf: @Maxinerunner: Newsmax poll  @realDonaldTrump: 65% @marklevinshow @RWSurferGirl @krauthammer  APOLOGIZE!

@katygolf: @Maxinerunner: Newsmax poll  @realDonaldTrump: 65% @marklevinshow @RWSurferGirl  Another debate win!

@John832TheTruth: @FrankLuntz your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011. KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! TRUMP 2016!

The hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable  causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate

Dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @FoxNews

@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad

via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldnt Kill Trumps Momentum, Made Him Stronger @FoxNews @business

@TomNocera: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump TRUMP DOMINANT screams headline in todays Tampa Bay Times. #Trump2016

@ElvisFever:  @megynkelly @FoxNews Out to get you with baited questions. She was angry at you. Very hostile and unprofessional

@GotMade: @realDonaldTrump Great Job!!! Winning the debate last night will take over half the field out, @FoxNews was not fair to Trump

@TIME poll: @realDonaldTrump winner of last nights debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% @RealBenCarson, 10% @JohnKasich

@CaptTimScrim: Dear @megynkelly , your attempted hatchet job on @realDonaldTrump was unbecoming &amp; a total failure. @FoxNews

@StefanVersac: @megynkelly @ChrisStirewalt  @ChrisChristie @realDonaldTrump Rosie ODonnell was the best answer of that whole debate

@Southern_Anon63: I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be voting @realDonaldTrump on Election Day

@joshuapantoja: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump you tried to attack Trump, he took it and smiled. Trump will be the next president

@Domenclature: TIME POLL: @RealDonaldTrump wins the first #Republicanpresidentialdebate by Wild Margin  #Politics

@Sulli1963: @AnnCoulter final four-Trump, Cruz, Walker, Carson wild card Fiorina

@italy2320:  @Reid2962 @FoxNews @megynkelly Tell me what I can do to help you. She really has made me want to never watch fox again

@678b4612a62641f: @realDonaldTrump @Reid2962 @FoxNews @megynkelly my vote remains for trump!

@Mannamalistic: Im s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love @realDonaldTrump. He speaks the truth!

@Diplomt: @realDonaldTrump is in a greater position w/ 52% to 12% @Drudge_Report even after @MegynKelly &amp; @BretBaier tried to take him out

@stinger_inc: @realDonaldTrump  @megynkellys behaviour at the #GOPDebate was astonishingly biased

@BrianCraigShow: @realDonaldTrump your rocked &amp; won BIG TIME!!!! Make America Great Again Mr. Trump

@agcaddauan: @realDonaldTrump @DRUDGE_REPORT Megyn could have done a far better job*

@Diplomtc_Immnty: @realDonaldTrump They tried to take you out &amp; your poll numbers skyrocketed. Voters matter, not @FOXNews moderators

@Reid2962: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I expected better from @megynkelly, wondering what is her hidden agenda

@Resi_Diederich: @PlatinumRosie @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @megynkelly is that all youve got??? Haha

@JetRanger69: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @megynkelly @BretBaier WAS A DISASTER ALSO

@Lking2fly: I gotta have @realDonaldTrump in the White House thatd be such a game changer

@11phenomenon: Despite the hype, @realDonaldTrump wins the debate by a wide margin

I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio, especially @megynkelly, was not very good or professional!

@FrankLuntz, your so-called focus groups are a total joke. Dont come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!

Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch

@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp; @TIME  so where did you find that dumb panel

@FrankLuntz: Im getting a lot of @MegynKelly hatemail tonight.  #GOPDebate She is totally overrated and angry. She really bombed tonite

@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!

@timjcam: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo  @MegynKelly will consider other programs!

@RubenMMoreno: @realDonaldTrump The biggest loser in the debate was @megynkelly. You cant out trump Donald Trump. You will lose!

@ept_rudyru: @DRUDGE_REPORT Excellent job! @realDonaldTrump You are real &amp; everyone saw that 2nite! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SilentMajority

Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT

@FoxNews: @realDonaldTrump: When you have $18-$19 trillion in debt, they need someone like me to straighten it out

Thank you @TIME readers- a great honor!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate

Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT

Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

I look forward to tonights debate -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!

@realbobmassi, who does a show called Bob Massi Is The Property Man on @FoxNews, really knows his stuff--a total pro!

@lesleyclark Anyone would be lying if they said they werent tuning in to watch @realDonaldTrump,   #FoxDebate

@jessicarnewman: The only reason most viewers will be watching the #RepublicanDebate tonight... @realDonaldTrump

@RKMCPHERSON2014: Tonights, The GOP aka @realDonaldTrump show. Projected to be the most watched GOP debate in history. Will u b watching??

@Shelia1965A:  God Bless You Donald Trump. I am so glad you decided to run. The Democrats have run this Country into the ground

@HowardJax50:  @FrankLuntz NBC says Trump leads with HS grads or less...doesnt bother saying Trump leads with college grads, too

@suandres2013: My dad is a Korean and Vietnam vet. 51 years total with Govt. Hes 81 and sharp as a tack. You got his vote. Go Donald

@Women4Trump: @mauigirl56 @realDonaldTrump  We shall see. All I know is The Donald is the only one who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!!!!

@ChadSchiebler: I cant remember a candidate that Ive been this excited about @realDonaldTrump dont let us down! We believe! #landslide

@WillDangelo: Sunset reflects on @realDonaldTrump tower in Las Vegas. What a view!

@hbtc23: @realDonaldTrump backs down from nobody!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @steveaustinBSR @WWE

@anotherTRUMPvot: The way DonaldTrump handled the release of his phone number compared to @LindseyGrahamSC tell you all you need to know

@Women4Trump: @realDonaldTrump @SemiNoland Yup. And Clintons leaked meeting with The Donald because they are skeered of all his support

@FrankLuntz: Trump is leading with almost every major group of Republican primary voters

@real_one23: Sure they want Mr. Trump @realDonaldTrump out. He cant be bought. #notapuppet

@SemiNoland: @realDonaldTrump Hilary is trying to make Jeb the republican candidate b/c she is afraid of The Donald.  True!

AmyMek  Amen! @realDonaldTrump has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!

Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor!

Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34% Favorability

@JoeDurak If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president

@tweet2u2 #Trump only attacks those that attack him first. Hes not going to be abused by a  #politician @marthamaccallum #tcot

@iuhoops2015 @realDonaldTrump it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country. Not a right. Make America great again!

@ToTheTanr @realDonaldTrump You are the closest thing to Teddy Roosevelt. Tough as hell, and speaks his damn mind. And NEVER BSs

Thank you

@breadman28 @realDonaldTrump  make America great again. Were running out of time!

Thanks

@InsureRetire @realDonaldTrump @Gawker best response ever!  Give Trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit

Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jebs name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare

Many of Hillarys donors are the same donors as Jeb Bushsall rich, will have total controlknow them well

@cookingdoll: @realDonaldTrump Yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. Stop the invasion

@Keeganbcall: @realDonaldTrump I support you because I know you are person who gets things done right. This nation needs someone like that

@LaneLynmil: @realDonaldTrump I have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and I believe I finally have one. Go Donald. Thanks

@SeaBeeVietN: Go Donald...Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that our President must be a lawyer/politician. Our founders werent

@DBottenhagen: @realDonaldTrump the United states needs Donald Trump, go Don

@Mike_Beacham: Trump Leads, Jeb Slips, Rubio Crashes In WSJ/NBC News Poll  #StraightTalk @SenTedCruz #ccot #tcot #2A

@BADfundraisers: @realDonaldTrump All Donald Trump knows how to do is win! Go Trump 2016! I do love winning!

@Kathlee08380944: @WSJ  @hookjan Trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border Thats getting great attention Go Trump

@TSettles14: Id be proud to say the first President I voted for was @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@TrumpsGucciGirl: @realDonaldTrump: oh yeah @megynkelly you dont want it to be all about Trump- hes # 1 not #17

@ctmommy: @megynkelly #KellyFile #WTF? You do realize @realDonaldTrump isnt the #GOP enemy - @HillaryClinton is

@RoniSeale: @realDonaldTrump  @foxandfriends #GoTrump #GOP #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@jimlibertarian:  @Dan__Crocker @foxandfriends Donald Trump is full of honesty and sincerityon the other hand Hillary is a total liar

@sr_stocks: @WSJ @realDonaldTrump winner Trump. get use to it.Trump2016

I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8 PM and 11 PM

92-year-old registers to vote for first time, says will vote for Trump

Thank you @gawker! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message

Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin

@Daaahawks @jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212   That is why I like Mr. Trump he speaks the truth and  stands by it

@jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212 we the people are making it quite clear Donald is the Peoples choice, we want truthfulness

Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:3O. Enjoy!

@bedard_nancy: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP STANDS FOR TRUTH

@_trump4potus: Trump continues to rise in the polls! The American People are speaking and speaking loudly. #2016election #Trump2016

@RoniSeale: @foxandfriends Trump is surging, leading,&amp; breaking EVERY poll because #TrumpIsRight #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@Dan__Crocker: @foxandfriends  Trump opens his mouth, his numbers go up. When Hillary does it, hers go down. Must be something to it

Thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. A lot of progress is being made!

My #GOPDebate @facebook question for the other candidates-

@ValetaSue57 @greta @FoxNews Like Trump more &amp; more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear &amp; understand, He loves USA

We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  Albert Einstein

New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water

It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillarys private illegal emails. Humas PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world

@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary

@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary

Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable

Wow, did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him

@AndrewMillerKC  We have to vote for @realDonaldTrump ! Our nation cant afford another #Bush! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@raleynicole143: I cant wait to be able to tell my kids I voted for @realDonaldTrump  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@lynn_weiser: @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino @EricTrump @ericbolling Its a trailblazing campaign A campaign that connects to people!

@jordanallen21: @realDonaldTrump youll be the first person I ever vote for. #Trump2016

Bush is pretending that the Trump surge is great for him and the @nytimesworld is  reporting Bush delight - con job, a Bush nightmare!

@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump huge supporter out here in Alaska! Lets make this country great again!

@MalachiNo: How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country, Trump beats everyone all the time

@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @BDubLasVegas @foxandfriends WE LOVE U TRUMP

@MalachiNorris: @realDonaldTrump will win every state in 2016

@jesuspacheco58: @realDonaldTrump Ive been supporting you since I was 12 can I get a fav or something #Trump2016

@tudybone4: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends got up extra early to watch Mr. Trumps interview #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Great

@BDubLasVegas: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Thats early here in Vegas, but I set my DVR!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@FoxNews: .@ericbolling: Polls show [@realDonaldTrump would] be the GOP nominee if the vote was held today

@BigBrett45: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends TRUMP 2016!! PERIOD

@VickyBrush: @MANX38  @JEDTHEFISH7 Only those who arent brain-dead. Time to take back our country &amp; Mr. Trump is the ONLY man who can

@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @CoachZachCooper AMERICA WANTS TRUMP

@TeamFallowwBack: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends - #Trump2016

@adair_ariel: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends looking forward to it!

@WreckThisPro: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Ill be watching it. Cant wait until you become our president Trump

@AliasHere: RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!

@squirtlong: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Trumps the Man of 2016!

@RaxsonDFS: There is no way President Trump loses this election. He will win by historical landslide. Will be greatest #POTUS ever! Thanks

@brady2edelman: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump you are the next President of the United States. And the next President Reagan.God Bless America

@TPFA_KathyA_1: Well be watching. @realDonaldTrump 2016! Will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @foxandfriends :

@IvoryRymes: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump summed up in one word.....TRAILBLAZER !!! Thanks

@CoachZachCooper:  Congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the Center Stage Position In The Upcoming Debates!

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!

@DavidBougs:  @scorpio5053 @nowandthan @RealMarkCole Amen! GOP elite called Reagan a cowboy, B- movie actor, dangerous,unelectable.Trump!

@gqforbes: DOMINATING SOCIAL MEDIA! @realDonaldTrumps twitter edge @DanScavino @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling

@scorpio5053: @nowandthan @RealMarkCole @realDonaldTrump The GOP TREETED Reagan the same way. Until he beat em then turned into ass kissers

@winkiechance: @VickyBrush @RWSurferGirl @realDonaldTrump He has MY vote too! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@RoniSeale: @DanScavino  @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #gop #Trump2016

@Dark_Red_Hair2: .@realDonaldTRUMP will get things done for America

I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?

Watch my interview with @ericbolling on @FoxNews today at 11:30AM ET

@ColinSWood  @realDonaldTrump is worth more than ALL of the other Presidential candidates combined and plenty more

@blindtothetruth Trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. Not like some of the career politicians hes running against. Cowards

@sjh2222 Difference Between Politicians and @realDonaldTrump = 
Pols Are Bought &amp; Paid For. Trump Cant be Bought, Bullied or Bribed!

If you think you can do a thing or think you cant do a thing, youre right.
 -- Henry Ford

Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!

Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp; Womens British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @Turnberrybuzz

Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. @DanHenninger lies. @WSJ

Thank you for your service!

Thank you

The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates

Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday

Carl Cameron @FoxNews is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it!

@bdean1468 The alpha male in the 2016 race: @realDonaldTrump 
He has real success stories, tons of money, confident, &amp; hes his own backer

@lasannewton @realDonaldTrump The only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors

@Jennifer75AR @AmyMek  Hes not for sale like the politicians are! Thats why he gives us truth! Trump for Prez! #Trump2016

@LinFlies  @califortrump @realDonaldTrump  we love #TrumpForPresident &amp; thankful

@linablue: @realDonaldTrump I love the fact you cant be bought

@me_lisa_m: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Just updated voter registration in FL #VoteTrump

@BillLester651: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Latinos for Trump believes in Trump

Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Womens British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat

I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I dont want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!

Thank you

People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about mecrazy!

How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesnt know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?

Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!
  #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words

while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?

Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server)

Via @SaintPetersblog by @MitchEPerry: Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20%  in Florida

@JereeGeeStavich @realDonaldTrump You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead, but doubling. Wow

This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word American is problematic -- WHAT?!

@TomNocera @DanScavino @dallasmavs @mcuban  Trumps work ethic gives me hope - hes a tireless and smart worker: a winner not a whiner

I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!

Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!

So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!

@CNN  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me

CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy

Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees

@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep

@jan102345678: @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump,I am thrilled you are running for President of USA.You are the only man for the job!!!

Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so

@AnnCoulter: .DonaldTrump leads w/ Hispanics. Christie, who supported in-state tuition 4 illegals -scrape bottom

Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: TRUMP: OBAMA SHOULDNT ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS, HILLARYS EMAIL WAS CRIMINAL

A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesnt get it

While Im beating my opponents in the polls, Im also beating lobbyists, special interests &amp; donors that are supporting them with billions

Governments first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.  Ronald Reagan

We can make Washington work for us. Its time for real leadership. Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Obamas nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped

Via @limbaugh: Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked

@marklevinshow: PLUNDER AND DECEIT
   via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1

Via cnsnews by @SJonesCNS: Trump Explains His Appeal: People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians

#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest &amp; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our countryincompetent leader!

Via @politico by Poll: Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire

My @FoxNews int. with @seanhannity on Obama being all talk &amp; no action &amp; making America Great Again!

We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thank you @mcuban for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a @dallasmavs fan!

After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop

@thehill @realDonaldTrump The people of NH know what the American people know: Trump is the only one with any CLUE about how to fix things

@dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @michaeljohns @realDonaldTrump veterans for Trump 2016

@Whitejl0111: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump  McCain   hasnt done anything for the Vets; fact! He only talks about himself!

@USARestoring: @HillaryClintons toast. Dems had better get theB Team off the bench. @TGowdySC for Attorney General under President Trump

@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on @CNN. Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down

@robertaritzen: @AnnCoulter @seanhannity  We love him! I love his truth telling. That hes so real and calls it how he sees it. #Trump2016

@LifeZette:Jeb &amp; Hillary could stand to learn a thing or two from @realDonaldTrump about making America great again

Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!

Bostons Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I dont want him negotiating for me!

@moses11211: Donald Trump leads in new #GOP polls.. @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump

Ill be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!  Enjoy

Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Womens British Open, one of  worlds great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Womens British Open there this week. Ill go for two days &amp; back on trail

@AmyMek The Media hates Trump b/c hes a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country, wants others 2 succeed &amp; calls out their lies

@GovernorSununu who couldnt get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2%

@ScoodieGolden Twitter loves Trump. 1000s of retweets for Mr. Trump while @ScottWalker gets 5 to 10 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Thanks Lou

Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA

We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again!

Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent  via @WSJ by @heatherhaddon &amp; @reidepstein

Via @nytpolitics by @AshleyRParker: Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls

@TomMcPeek   More people r gravitating to @realDonaldTrump because theyre tired of all the usual BS

Thanks

@Read_my_note No wonder why @realDonaldTrump is ahead in the presidential polls.. People are tired of the same old crap from Washington!

@SteveRattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch  I will win!

@MDTaylorJr Everyone else have fun being politically correct. Meanwhile, @realDonaldTrump is speaking the truth. #Trump2016

@scorpio5053 @realDonaldTrump is the real deal. Hes not running for his health. Believes in the Red White &amp; Blue.@UnitedCitizen01

@Cj112Connie I dont get the media??Trump is ahead in every poll, but wont give him credit, they say he wont make it?? 60% of us say yes

@jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @MichaelCohen212 youre damn right we want the truth,weve been lied to 4 years and weve had it.#Trump2016

When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they wont be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess

Great news, Im now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC, I am #1 in NH by a lot, #2 in Iowa, close &amp; gaining

@AlexPagliano Caught @realDonaldTrumps speech from Iowa. Why is the media portraying him so poorly? Guy has passion, great ideas

Thank you, Greta

Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

@rp53pierce: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump youre a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people

@MitchPrefach: DonaldTrump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote

@BfgBobgrant: @realDonaldTrump @Operator1975 Agreed! We need you!

@BfgBobgrant: @realDonaldTrump @hammetjohn Ive been awake, but now see a chance of real hope with Trump

@bollweevil51: @realDonaldTrump Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus

@SilverSharen: Obama is in Africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them. How about that money to help America. Trump for POTUS

@PaulaDuvall2: Before Mr. Trumps Presidential bid, I was leaning toward Walker! Glad I was saved from stepping in something TERRIBLE

@Arful1dodger: @realDonaldTrump I know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self !

@PaulaDuvall2:  Washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent. Must be, since 7 yrs of LAWLESSNESS in WH are ignored

@bluestarwindow: @bdean1468 @realDonaldTrump @twendencyUSA We SHALL make America great again

@eddiebrognano:  ScottWalker THANK YOU FOR SAYING WHAT THE MEDIA HASNT SAID ABOUT WALKER. Wisconsin is a hot mess and its his fault

@sorensen_ao: @HuffPostUKPol @realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrump will shake up politics like no other ever could or will. #InterestingTimesAhead

@luismp77: @realDonaldTrump Team Trump all the way!

@Man_In_The_Hole: Our leaders are dummies. They dont know whats going on. Its true, theyre incompetent. #Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@DDiTarant: America needs @realDonaldTrump ! #Trump2016 #BuildTheFence #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@PaulaDuvall2: Outsider Donald Trump assesses &amp; addresses major American problems. What has Congress been doing for the past 7 years?

@billyjowiggins: @realDonaldTrump The lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep

@about_life: Politician Have Been Running(Ruining) America For Years; Lets Change That Now -Trump 2016 - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com

@fubaglady: .@npomalley  @YossiGestetner You understand McCain is a RINO Senator who voters cant stand &amp; whos over stayed his welcome?

@Agent_54 @theblaze @pretrim10 MSM cant push DonaldTrump around.  No More PC Political Hacks!

@about_life: @realDonaldTrump Silent Warriors 4 Trump 2016 - Vets! Lets Take America Back! - silentwarriors4trump2016@gmail.com

@about_life: @realDonaldTrump I Luv America 4 Trump 2016 - Lets Make America Great Again! - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com

@DavidKyleOnline: @realDonaldTrump attack Walker on Common Core. State grassroots not happy with him on CC inaction

@EOetzel: @peddoc63 @realDonaldTrump  JebBush I think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb

@bluestarwindow: @realDonaldTrump @bdean1468 Putin knows that Obama is a danger to the world. Putin will respect President Trump True!

@Brammz3: In full support of @realDonaldTrump for #POTUS! No reason he shouldnt win the @GOP nomination. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@_John_Handel: @realDonaldTrump @ScottWalker and Walker is destroying once great Wisconsin universities

@WalterWhfla: @realDonaldTrump unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! NEXT

@ModerateMic: .DonaldTrump: Ask @ScottWalker why he left 1,000+ WI jobs on the table due to a political deal with the @paysbig Potawatomi

@Faithful_USA: Im a 10th generation American of Spanish descent I support DonaldTrump Hispanic DOESNT mean ILLEGAL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@ScottWalker is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc

@Hturne: @realDonaldTrump vets tired of McCain using them as talking points and photo ops, AND NOTHING BEING DONE

@guthrie_kelley: @realDonaldTrump AMEN. Thank you Trump

@KingSchnabel: @realDonaldTrump College students love trump. Never change.  Great

@RICHMCLOUGHLIN: @realDonaldTrump @YossiGestetner GIVE THEM HELL

@ZacharySmitty: @realDonaldTrump I just listened to this speech and loved it!

@HL3tweets:  @CoachAbda Trump is the only candidate who doesnt test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. True

@otto2468: @realDonaldTrump He built up his company to be prosperous and successful. Why cant he do the same with America? #Trump2016

@Foshay504: @greta DonaldTrump-Love him! Its time to run America like a business. Weve given all our wealth to China n Mexico!! No more!

@g_pluth: @RedNationRising Hats off to @realDonaldTrump for sticking it to liberal msm. @DMRegister A horrible newspaper, failing badly

@TriciaNC1: @Centaur6D If I were Walker, Id be afraid of Trump outing his 14 yr support of amnesty, benefits, pathway for illegals

@dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @realDonaldTrump veterans for Trump 2016

@YossiGestetner: Whoa! @realDonaldTrump shoots up to 28% in YouGov from 15% two wks ago; outperforms McCain in favorables among Vets. Great

@CoachAbda: Please dont change a thing. Your attitude is exactly what this country needs.No tip-toeing, this man tells it how it is!

@twendencyUSA: #Twendency Tweet of the Hour in USA politics #9pm by @realDonaldTrump

@RustyOsborne15: @realDonaldTrump you got my vote  Thanks

@gqforbes: TRUMP ON JOBS. pls rt  @realDonaldTrump

Always great to speak with Veterans - our nations heroes. We will Make America Great Again!

Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!

Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@ScottWalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!

@ShawnJohnson Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are a true winner and will be an amazing couple

@Macys is a big contributor to @PPFA . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macys

Isnt it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!

The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!

@energypryde: @realDonaldTrump @TheEconomist Trump in office restores US swagger

@StoneZipper:  @stephenfhayes Donald Trump if he stops running for president hes not what we the people think he is. Will never happen!

@kerrygold1914: @realDonaldTrump @TheEconomist the Donald is crushing it

Big poll just out by @TheEconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!

@sandrapatriot: @stephenfhayes WHAT U REALLY SHOULD B ANGRY ABT IS THE INVASION OF MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS TKING OVER AMERICA! NOT DonaldTrump

@GarethBale22: @realDonaldTrump youre going to turn America around Donald I can feel it

@Operator1975: @realDonaldTrump Please Mr. Trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!

@Shella_Bella:  @ConnieHegel MY GOD! WHY cant the GOP see that Trump is doing this solely 4 R country! He HAD a VERY comfortable life!

@hammetjohn: In my Lifetime Ive Never Seen Americans Energized, Excited about Voting. @realDonaldTrump Woke up about 300 Million people

@ConnieHegel: @realDonaldTrump if trump is not on that stage no one will watch  So true!

@lucascoon1: @realDonaldTrump Reaganomics created 16 million new jobs and Trumpenomics will create 16 million more

@AndreaWeslien: #DEBATE @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump If not for Donald, whod watch GOP upcoming debate? SOUR GRAPES

@MYKALFURY: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump I hear same doubters as I heard when Reagan ran against Carter. Press said hed lose. Reagan WON

Via @BreitbartNews by @NolteNC: DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL

Isnt it amazing that @Macys paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!

Thank you @DennisRodman.  Its time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I hope you are doing well!

@marklevinshow has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!

@KimBredesen @realDonaldTrump I appreciate that you dont apologize when someone is offended by what you say. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

True!

True, thanks

@DanScavino: Via Economist/YouGov 7242015 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@nozzero  @realDonaldTrump Finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!!

@paulkellysr  Mr Trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. We need to turn America around if we want to save her

@gpavlik7  1/2 of new California drivers licenses go to undocumented immigrants. Read the Sac Bee, July 17th. Go getem, Trump!

It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Lets Make America Great Again!

Be sure to get a copy of @williebosshogs new book, American Hunter

From an amazing day on the border in Laredo

Arriving to check out the border

I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people

DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We cant send another politician to the White House

When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence

@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. Im sending out for your new book now!

Great read:  How New Yorks Veterans Day Parade Became Americas Parade

@mitchellvii @thehill @slone Heres a crazy thought.  Maybe Trump is gaining traction because HES RIGHT?

@TitanicQueen @LadySandersfarm What frightens them abt Trump is his totally NON POLITICAL CORRECT nature~Donald is shaking up the house!

True

@flanny1971: @realDonaldTrump clearly puts this country first! Security, vets, economy and wont bow down to other world leaders!

@facingeast52: @realDonaldTrump Please be careful there, the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there

Thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening

Youre just not getting there @DanaPerino. Sometimes things just dont work out, but dont worry--- no problem!

@Woodsy_gal: Been a long time since Ive cared abt politics since the GOP been a disaster. Thats changed bc of YOU. Love U! #Trump2016

@bobbyjindal watched youon @TeamCavuto. Made some excellent points. Best Wishes

@RTylerR4 Dont let the press put words in your mouth!  @realDonaldTrump Awesome job at the border! Youre doing great!

@tmautner1211  If all the Hispanics hate the @realDonaldTrump, why was he surrounded by so many Hispanics at the border?

@grant_hose  I like @realDonaldTrump . He isnt fake. He tells you the truth not what you wanna hear

Great!

@TheJordanHafizi @realDonaldTrump  is the only candidate that isnt politically correct and that speaks the truth on whats on his mind!

@themakaylamarie @realDonaldTrump is exactly what we need. He says what the others are too afraid to say! Im for him 110%.  Thanks

Thanks

@Jaybaby63  Mr. Trump thank you! For having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you. I want my country back!

True!

@MichaelCohen212  Michael Cohen on Wolf Blitzer         #CNN @wolfblitzer

@LAgirlrebelyell:Safe travels DonaldTrump Cant wait to hear the report later today! TY for all you are doing to take this Country back

@Kathe56Kat: @realDonaldTrump please be careful  Thank you!

@SanchezBrutus: Plz stay safe dear Sir, the World needs you.Your competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion

@rox473: @realDonaldTrump Keep telling it like it is. Refreshing no political BS

Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!

@BillKristol   Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!

What a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim OBrien-dumb guy with no clue!

@3rdedit: Media attacking you early this morning. A GOOD SIGN!America is proud of you for ignoring the MEDIA &amp; telling it like it is!

@fedupwithgovern: Congress Cant Find Money for Veterans *Houses, Feeds, Educates, Provide Drs for illegals *Gives Iran over $200 Billion

@akawhit1: @Maxinerunner @RonNussbeck @realDonaldTrump MCCAIN WHO? #Vets Give Donald Trump Standing Ovation

@moekamerow: @AC360 Anderson Cooper only wants to hear his answers. Mr. Trump tells the truth and cant be bought Democrat for Trump

Boycott @Macys, no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!

@woodardralph31: @gene70 @Macys We the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same Donald will back up his words!!!!

@AC360  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer Obrian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!

@RonNussbeck: @Maxinerunner I am a veteran from Arizona John McCain voted to give illegal Aliens benefits &amp; take them from disabled Vets

@PATRIOT4657: @megynkelly The other candidates are scared. Trump tells it like it is. Maybe rich, but talks like he is an everyday Joe

@gene70: @realDonaldTrump @macys America Hears You Donald!!! And The People You Are Running Against Will Hear All Of Us Soon! Donald Donald

@tarabernie: Hey @realDonaldTrump check out Access Hollywood:   Thank you Dan Rather, we have just begun!

@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow

@bitchpuuuhlease: @realDonaldTrump @FrankLuntz mr trump, thank you for getting the American people excited about politics again!!!

@bhill3333: We dont know Trump positions &amp; hes dominating polls. @GOP should learn we dont want soft PC Focus Group driven speeches #GOP

@BB1959_:  @FrankLuntz I am not impressed with Luntz. Never have been. What makes him an expert - he has a good racket going

@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!

@CherokeeShaman2: Donald Trump was Right ! McCain amongst other RNCs voted to cut US Military Veterans Pensions

@jimlibertarian:  @realDonaldTrump is leaving Rick Perry in the dust,and everyone else for that matter, Donald will be our next POTUS

Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: Brody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban

Its going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Lets Make America Great Again!

Lets Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again!

Shouldnt George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?

Will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @CNN tonight. Lets see if he treats me fairlyenjoy!

Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!

Donald Trump on VA woes: Id fire everybody; you fix it by getting Trump elected  via @washtimes by @dsherfinski

Via @ BreitbartNews by @BobPriceBBTX: DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER

Thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @NBCNightlyNews. Very fair -- we are making progress together!

Im going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!

@GovernorPerry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite!

True, thanks

@BAM4AU @CNN @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC keep punching, Donald!  Trump it!!  Trump is telling the truth!

@HalangManok: Will be the the Leader that everyone wants! Cant be sold and speaks the truth! Everyone run!

@PJAliveguy: No matter what @realDonaldTrump says the media and the republican establishment will attack it. Time for something that works!

@Chr:DonaldTrump reminds me of Reagan his first time.Everyone was like is he for real Yup! Libs hate him and make fun of him. IM ON BOARD

@drewcarter49: @realDonaldTrump @PrestonsDayOff @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan!  Thank you

@Forrestben94: I dont care what people say, I love @realDonaldTrump confidence

@waite_lane:If you dont want Trump as president, then you dont want what your great grandfather fought so hard for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@PrestonsDayOff: @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor  Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians

@jimlibertarian: @NBCNewYork  In God we trust and in Donald we trust, Donald will make America second to none in every aspect known to man!

@PValk16: Many are missing the point, the US needs @realDonaldTrump to get things done. Instead they focus on sensation and media

@MeOnAJourney: @realDonaldTrump @Billd111 @seanhannity Trump is the Alpha of the #GOP candidates, the rest are betas! #Trump2016

I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!

@insuradude: @foxandfriends @foxnation tell your owner Murdoch we are turning Fox off if he keeps belittling @realDonaldTrump. No Fox!

Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!

Via @gatewaypundit: Mother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearing

My response to the failing Des Moines Register, the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa

@iAmerican  All Talk No Walk. Old Politics. Lets Go @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GetItDone

@jinx510 @realDonaldTrump dont get discouraged, keep telling the truth. Your detractors cant handle the truth

@woofeous @realDonaldTrump GOP establishment forgets that Donald does not speak nor act like a retail politician

Im glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. Its about time!

@Billd111 @seanhannity  Any candidate that says Trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down

Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-

Response to the Des Moines Register-

Via @AP by @kronayne &amp; @colvinj: Disavowed by GOP leaders, Trump has supporters cheering

@ZachJohnsonPGA  Youre one of the truly great competitiors. Ive said it for years. Great going winning @OpenChampionship - Not surprised!

@BreitbartNews is much smarter than sleepy eyes @chucktodd  @nbc   Thanks to Steve Bannon &amp; real reporters

Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific

Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!

@DillyDoesIt Trump has no problem telling it how it is, isnt that what everyone has been wanting from a President? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@michaeljohns: #Trump support surges even higher after #McCain statement. Why?  Trump is a fighter. #GOP

@dancriscuolo: If Donald Trump isnt my president by 2017 Im gettin the h**k outta here! @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@ileadliberty: I truly love this Land of the Free and I know that DonaldTrump will cut through the confusion and Make America Great Again!

@1Barbara1: @realDonaldTrump @SteveMarz1 @Felix_Clay @kpdelbridge @seanhannity Vietnam Veterans Against McCain-

@bigg_ritch: The reason Trump is the man... He wants Americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally

@ConnorBaldwin21: @realDonaldTrump has the balls to say what needs to be said and I love it

@WesleyRuedy: Donald Trump is the man. And people dont appreciate his honesty. @realDonaldTrump Thank you

@THENORAWILLIAMS: Im #africanamerican &amp; I KNOW without a doubt that DonaldTrump is THE ONLY ANSWER to get the #USA out of this mess!

@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @kpdelbridge @seanhannity Im a veteran. Im not offended by Trump

@AhmedBawazir: Im very sure that @realDonaldTrump does things excellently

@EdwardFrancisII: Cant Be Bought @realDonaldTrump - #2016election

@SteveMarz1: @Felix_Clay  @kpdelbridge @seanhannity but McCain is not a hero. McCain abandoned POW  McCain lies

@ultradave1951: @realDonaldTrump check out mccains record on blocking legislation - blocking Mia/pow records

@Tea_Party_Chris: @RepDavid @RepMattSalmon @RepTrentFranks  @RealJamesWoods #Trump2016 #Trump #TrumpForPresident

@MrdannyArthur: @Paul_Beiss @Lg4Lg @seanhannity  @SenJohnMcCain Phoenix VA, led the league in scandals! McCain knew! Did nothing!

@AlleyKat2: @realDonaldTrump doesnt need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man  So true

@AlbertoZambrano: @HeinzFGuderian   Well get your facts straight. McCain was so bad he gave us Obama. He gave arms to Islamic terrorists

@azuriterealtor: @realDonaldTrump @erintighe_  Keep going on,  you can win!

Wow, new @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost @GOP preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you

@kpdelbridge: FOX NEWS-Get your facts straight! Trump did not put down Vets-he put down a clown named McCain! @seanhannity

@erintighe_: @realDonaldTrump your the only person who really wants to save America

@bxldgxng: @realDonaldTrump ive never felt more strongly about anything in my life, you are the only person who can truly fix America

@JWCarrr: @AnnCoulter @SenTenCes   Ben Carson has not criticized Trump! And theres no need to mention Dr. Carsons education!

@schwartzb: @realDonaldTrump we need your help Donald! Make us great again!

@lizaperri: @realDonaldTrump The more the media attacks you, the more I know you are the right person for the job

@BJSeastoneAMP: Proud of you @realDonaldTrump keep cutting through the #politicalcrap and tell it like it is

@greengolf56: @realDonaldTrump Keep going Mr trump America needs you

@MrsJRobbins: America needs @realDonaldTrump !!!  #Trump2016

@tonyparker1981: @Nate_Cohn @chrislhayes Not a huge surprise all day T.V. is all about @realDonaldTrump and nothing about BernieSanders

@TCastilonia: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Your the opening story on every political show,radio or tv

@2009softail: You nailed it on @oreillyfactor tonite. You say what most middle class folks YELL at their TV every night - you speak 4 us

@BrianCstandsup: @realDonaldTrump Im convinced. Lets go Trump. #Trump2016

@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump Youre killing Jeb in the polls! Keep it up!

@djf123: @realDonaldTrump @PJTV #DonaldWillBeTheGOPNominee!

@Dark_Red_Hair: .@realDonaldTRUMP - u hit a home run on THE FACTOR

@PJTV: ON TOP  The GOP, Democrats and media have all hit @realDonaldTrump Heres the result:

@ShepherdGarrett: It doesnt matter what the media thinks--It matters what the American people think  Keep It Up! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@kpmck63: Im going to listen to @realDonaldTrump LONG before I listen to georgelopez #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@alyssathgreat:  SenJohnMcCain is always talking, talking but nothing gets done. These #veterans are living in hell. #OReillyFactor

@Malibu101834: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Ill watch anything that gives you a chance to share your views. Go donald

@mikeezepek: @DLoesch Great interview! Give Trump a hot mic and watch out! It is the rawness, the non-PC guy. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc

Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloidsaving money I assume!

This story is no longer about John McCain, its about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans

It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldnt do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldnt care less about inclusion

@amit_ @realdonaldtrump I agree 100%. McCain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our Vets

@LinFlies @GhostDancer_2 @contrarian11 @MichaelCohen212 @ChrisCuomo @DeptVetAffairs ...rest of GOP only cries but Trump gets stuff DONE

@Valenti317 @realDonaldTrump the left is petrified of you! Why else would they be attacking you so vigorously?

@MJJustus1 @AndrewStilesUSA @realDonaldTrump Trump already hosts vets at his resorts. What does Hillary do?

@RTMatador Trump says things that no one else would even consider saying, I agree with him on the immigration situation, i love honesty

@_EOD  I believe we have passed that point. There are Homeless Veterans in USA &amp; yet Illegal Aliens get Government Housing

@DanScavino @realDonaldTrump hosts events around the #USA 4our #Veterans. Long before a presidential run. He loves our military

@VetApologist This is big criticism of the Republican field. Speak truth and stop being so PC. This is why @realDonaldTrump resonates!

@johnjcarp61  At least were talking about the #VA! We werent a month ago! @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain

We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans

The ever dwindling @WSJ which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!

@RW84JR: @realDonaldTrump Glad U R Man Enough 2 Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!

@Jenism101: @realDonaldTrump @97Musick Trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right

@vettesetter: RT @realDonaldTrump: My @USATOpinion piece: Trump: I dont need to be lectured

@KathleenLove10: @realDonaldTrump @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan The truth hurts sometimes, who cares...keep telling it like it is!!

@andres_3v: @realDonaldTrump you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years. #Trump2016 #TrumpForAmerica

@janetaylorann: @realDonaldTrump Will make the best President ever

@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!!! TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@restore_US_now: @JohnnyG__62 @realDonaldTrump @GinaandersonRN ...what do you say now???

@97Musick: @realDonaldTrump Voters LIKE tough and smart... thats why we are voting TRUMP 2016!!

@MaxChupailo: @kuuleme69 @cspan @realDonaldTrump Gotta love the honesty

@kda20151223: @realDonaldTrump trump for president

@ebalky: @realDonaldTrump thats all the career politicians do is talk

@GinaandersonRN: @realDonaldTrump ...RN for 27 yrs. Veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients. Thnx for speaking#TRUTH

@sjbatis: @realDonaldTrump Bravo for saying whats on most of Americans mind. Lets make America great, again!

@2014_vince: The left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!!

@pg_rant: They cant handle you Donald so want you out the race, well good luck,because we know you wont walk away! Give it to them

@HL3tweets: McCain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 TRILLION train-wreck, including the VA debacle

My @USATOpinion piece: Trump: I dont need to be lectured

I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous  energy!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN

The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!

A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday

The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk

John McCain called thousands of people crazies when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!

@mwood_79:  @SharylAttkisson Why do they attack Mr Trump? Because he has something they dont. The ability of truth! Trump is here!

@dunn_cheri:  @SharylAttkisson Mr Trump the only one telling the truth. Liberals cant stand the fact that your are leading in the poll

@amsardina: @realDonaldTrump @SharylAttkisson kick there ass Trump

@sloopjohnb15: @realDonaldTrump @SharylAttkisson Im on the #TrumpTrain2016

@deannecox777:  @SharylAttkisson Because she shoots straight like you do, Mr Trump. No bullsh!t. Just TRUTH! #FactCheck #QuitHatin

Wow, @SharylAttkisson  just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain

One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly

Via @fitsnews: Donald Trump: John McCain Is A Loser

Why would anybody listen to @MittRomney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!

Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, @GregAbbott_TX, for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry

I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept

that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care

Its a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans

I will make this right for our great Vets!

All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything

John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives

The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years

Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!

In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!

Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon

Statement on John McCain-

I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT

The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but @CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics is just plain dumb!

Ratings starved @CNN and @CNNPolitics does not cover me accurately. Why cant they get it right - its really not that hard!

Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Its driving @ariannahuff &amp; the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!

The liberal clown  @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @HuffingtonPost to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll

@koltonbittner: .@realDonaldTrump makes me proud to be an American So nice, thank you!

@rua1ri: @realDonaldTrump your what America needs Donald!  Thank you

@jimlibertarian: @realDonaldTrump @nonstop85716 it doesnt matter how you vote for Donald, just remember to vote Donald Trump for POTUS

@SteveMullaney1: @realDonaldTrump has all of my support!!

@BillyParker03: @realDonaldTrump The @BillAndMoShow has your back! TRUMP FOR PREZ!

@JoeyCarna: @realDonaldTrump if you dont win Im moving to Europe. We will all win together!

@amandajoan40: This is the first time in my adult life that I have been excited about an election #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident

@JCippy: @realDonaldTrump for our next President !!

@nonstop85716: @realDonaldTrump.I am always on the road. I am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primarys and Mr Trump has my vote

@genesimmons,

Amazing!

Thank you

@genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I wont forget

Response to Huffington Post-

Via @TPInsidr

Via @WashTimes by @dsherfinski

Via @BreitbartNews-

Gods word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now. - @Franklin_Graham

Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday: gun free zones at military bases

Via @AP March,2013: Jeb said he was open topathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants  Lying on campaign trail!

We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Lets Make America Great Again!

MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!

Looking forward to speaking at the @ARGOP Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!

I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! @HillaryClinton had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!

@Tamaralynn212: @RWSurferGirl  @realDonaldTrump The whole Gov. needs to be remodeled, hes the man for the job. Id love to see him Prez

@TheRealCamSand: It would be to cool if @realDonaldTrump was the president. Thanks!

@GotMade: @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain Trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth McCain

Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns

Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today

@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate

@GovernorPerry just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesnt understand what the word demagoguery means

@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!

The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. @SenJohnMcCain called them crazies--must apologize!

CNN: New GOP polls show Trumps favorability is up 
@MichaelCohen212

No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments programs, once launched, never disappear.  Ronald Reagan

More Bush cronyism  Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail
   Its the Bush way!

We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Lets Make America Great Again!

Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speechpacked house.  Love it!

The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!

The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is @pennjillette. Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!

Dopey @Lawrence ODonnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!

No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.  #Iran

FLASHBACK  Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastors Freedom in Iran   via @theblaze

Via @TIME by @ZekeJMiller: Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery

Via @FSMtweet: Trump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery

30,000 MACYS CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP   via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer

Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?!

Via @BreitbartNews by Steve Bannon: TIME TO GET TOUGH: TRUMPS BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTO

@danforc  as a legal immigrant Im so glad someone standing up for us, the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here Thx

@ChristianInst @MorenoDadKC @BarbaraGarro The Democratic party has never given latinos anything! Just manipulate them through Univision

They are great people!

Thank you

@ChanRogers I literally give a fist pump when I see @realDonaldTrump tell things the way they are &amp; calling out those with no credibility

@pbstwo @RasmussenNews @realDonaldTrump @weeklystandard. And the Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists

@RasmussenNews @weeklystandard  Yea, but you know the only problem I see? The Donald is the ONLY one willing to tell it like it is!!

@MichaelPlu @realDonaldTrump @Macys we never shopped at Macys anyway &amp; will now encourage three daughters not to as well

@KarlRove wasted $400 million + and didnt win one racea total loser. @FoxNews

@FoxNews You shouldnt have @KarlRove on the airhes a clown with zero credibilitya Bushy!

@BradSteinle Great talking to you and your parentsfantastic people. Keep your sisters very important memory alivebig impact!

@andydean2014 Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job

@joshdronzek  @realDonaldTrump @Macys GO TRUMP

I hope the boycott of @Macys continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macys stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A

I loved firing goofball atheist Penn @pennjillette on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness

I hear @pennjillette show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice,  show would have died long ago

Irrelevant clown @KarlRove sweats and shakes nervously on @FoxNews as he talks bull about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in 12

@HoustonWelder: Donald Trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. Every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is. So true!

@UncleLouie Clearly Trump gets social media. His tweets are everywhere &amp; no sugar coating, he keeps it real. Wish all candidates did that

@ReevesMH  its been a long time since Ive been excited about a candidate. How refreshing to have a bold voice. Go Trump!

Thank you Piers

@StephenBaldwin7 You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support.  Best wishes

@PolitiTrends @realdonaldtrump is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today (via  )

@FoxNews should not put @KarlRove onhe has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong

Why do people listen to clown @KarlRove on @FoxNews? Spent $430M &amp; lost all racesa Bushy!

@BradSteinle Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp; family are amazing

@AnnCoulter: AMAZING press conference by @realDonaldTrump w/ parents of kids killed by illegals

@ben_techpro: Its way worse than we know.Just read @AnnCoulter #AdiosAmerica-be educated!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@AnnCoulter:  I think DonaldTrump has struck a cord! 30,000 MACYS CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP

@AProudRebel: @realDonaldTrump HIGH NUMBERS SHOW DONALD TRUMP IS BEATING HIS RIVALS IN THE POLLS, GO TRUMP, TRUMP NATION

Via The Hill: Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week

@Britinnv @realDonaldTrump Would the people of US prefer a liar @HillaryClinton or a man that speaks the truth and facts!! No Brainer hey!

We are no longer silent. We are energized &amp; ready to take our country back. Lets Make America Great Again!

@kavemanrj  @realDonaldTrump Amazing work trump! I believe you will do the same for our country

Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!

Who do you want negotiating for us?

Response to Hillary Clinton-

I cant believe that President Obama isnt able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!

A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Lets Make America Great Again!

Matt Harvey @Mets -- Dont let the @NYDailyNews get you down---nobody reads it. Play well

Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN!  As President, this will stop on Day One! Jobs will stay here

@Zimbo251: @realDonaldTrump @greta Go Donald! Show them what a real man is!

@NorthStarMF: @realDonaldTrump love you, please fix america!

@LeeEllmauerJr: LEGAL Latino Immigrants talk to me in factories &amp; warehouses. Want to know why OBAMA to give AMNESTY? They did it RIGHT!

@Marta_AQT4U: Obama - just retire Im ready for a real Leader !! #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump Please Hurry up and Get to The WHITE House !

Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Its time, he has paid a big and very long price!

@greta: Huffington Post has @realDonaldTrump in first place in the polls

I am so happy that people are boycotting Macys

Very nice - @HuffingtonPost @pollsterpolls has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14%

I absolutely support Kates Lawin honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant

@SaintPetersblog Part of me really, really likes @realDonaldTrump. The man is breathtakingly honest. Have to give him credit

Rush Limbaugh: Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration

Have some fun with this-

El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our borderits been revealed he has CA drivers license

Mexicos totally corrupt govt looks horrible with El Chapos escapetotally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion

The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security

@McLaughlinGroup Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of great accomplishment should easily quality for prez

Isnt it interesting that now that Im #1 in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!

@bdean1468 @jlangdale @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @CNN SAY IT LOUD &amp; SAY IT PROUD - - WE WANT TRUMP!!!!!!

When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, Mexico is sending...., which turned out to be true?  El Chapo

likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico    through the border. We get the killers, drugs &amp; crime, they get the money!

El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S

The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our leaders cant say no!

but thats what Ive been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!

Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!

I hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I cant imagine what is taking so long!

Trump, however, would kick his ass!

Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison?

Sleep eyes @ChuckTodd is killing Meet The Press. Isnt he pathetic? Love watching him fail!

Mexicos biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so!

Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!

Convention Center officials in Phoenix dont want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room

Via @BreitbartNews by @AWRHawkins: TRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX

I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!

Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Lets Make America Great Again!

Great @ANHQDC segment with @CharlesHurt: Breaking Down the Trump Factor  Lets Make America Great Again!

Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Lets Make America Great Again!

Today I will be rallying with with 15,000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Lets Make America Great Again!

Via @CNNPolitics by @mj_lee: Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix

@Eugene_Scott: I want people to come into the country. Let it be legal, @RealDonaldTrump  via @CNNPolitics

Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America

@gump6363: I always said I will not vote until I truly believe in a good leader, you sir will get my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@PHATWHODAT: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016 yard signs. Where can we get them?  Everywhere!

@frank_lemoine: @realDonaldTrump The competition tries to fake it till they make it. Trump the REAL deal!

@DannyBo4455:  @mcgranejt @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 The establishment Republicans and the Democrats are absolutely 100% terrified of you !!

@Pg1493: @realDonaldTrump I love what you want to do with this country!!

@WayneDupreeShow: Arent U angry how the media has turned DonaldTrump SLAM against illegal immigration into him hating all immigrants

@DannyBo4455:  @hamishjoy Mr Trump I have never been so excited to vote for somebody in my life .Im literally hanging on your every word

@TheVotingVenue: @realDonaldTrump when Fox News tries to push Jeb on their viewers, remind them of this article:

Boycott @Macys and @Univision. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!

@mcgranejt: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 both fools &amp; out of touch with reality! We need Trump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@hamishjoy: Theres no republican field at all. When the @realDonaldTrump is in play, the others all kinda fade away. Trump2016

The Republicans who want to cut SS &amp; Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again!

Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: Donald Trump To Brody File in 2011: People Send Me Bibles

A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Lets Make America Great Again!

Tone it down? No way! Donald Trump needs to crank up the volume  via @FoxNews by @toddstarnes

I love that thousands of people are boycotting @Macys and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!

Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!

Standing with Jamiel Shaw, Sabine Durdin, Don Rosenberg, Lupe Moreno, Brenda Sparks, Robin Hvidston &amp; their spouses

Our biggest problems are solved by growth. We need a President who is a job creator. Lets Make America Great Again!

@Mitestarossa Please follow @realDonaldTrump ...We already know what all the other politicians will do. #Trump2016  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Laura--Massive crowd, had to move to Phoenix Convention Center

Via @nypost by @GeoffEarle: Polls show President Trump may not be so far-fetched

I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!

@alarae37 @realDonaldTrump keep speaking truth!! There are many of us who want America great again! Thank you!

@kpmck63 Stay the course Mr. Trump! Its easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they wont. #Truth

Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!

Via @trscoop: WHOA: Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE

BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to @PhoenixConvCtr! Build a wall! Lets Make America Great Again!

Im on @CNNs @AC360 tonight @8pm &amp; @FoxNews @seanhannity @ 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain

Via @CNNPolitics by @JDiamond1: Trump: RNC call was congratulatory

EXCLUSIVE  DONALD TRUMP ON THE GOP PRIMARY: IF I WIN, I WILL BEAT HILLARY  via @BreitbartNews by Katie McHugh

Via @BreitbartNews by Katie McHugh:POLL: DONALD TRUMP LEADS THE PACK AS GOP FRONTRUNNER

Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years

The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Lets Make America Great Again!

True, thanks

@tommyz63 @Reince let Trump speak. He is only saying what the rest of us, including you, already know #Illegals are a huge problem!

Thanks

TRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS: GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to both

@ErinEdwards001 @realDonaldTrump thank you for telling it how it is, no one else will address these issues. You have my vote

Via TRUMP: HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE CRIME WAVE LIKE YOUVE NEVER SEEN  via @BreitbartNews

@limbaugh: Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration
   via @Newsmax_Media by Jason Devaney

@rdbrewer4 Trump: Keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate.  Youre pissing off all the right people in the GOP

Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OC

Dummy @Clare_OC @Forbes: Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower

Dummy @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing

Dummy writer @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important

@gomrunner @realDonaldTrump keep up the tempo and dont listen to the RNC!  You are correctly presenting what people want

@customwww @Clare_OC @Forbes  Again ..not news.. news is.. he leads NC &amp; will have NH on next true poll.. stop attacking the truth

Via @EWErickson: Stop Complaining About Donald Trump

Watched chief negotiator for Iran on @charlierose last night. He is far smarter than our repsincrease sanctions and walk!

@rbern11162  @SharNeal  Donald Trump , keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target, I support you completely

@SharNeal @ericbolling @TheFive  a lot of us support Trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone else

@_JoshBishop @ppppolls  gop or dem, you have to love Trumps blunt honesty. So many things wrong most wont point out. Borders big problem

Totally false reporting on my call with @Reince Priebus. He called me, ten minutes, said I hit a nerve, doing well, end!

@RossMahan1952: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer Like Harry Truman, you tell them the truth and they think its hell. Give em hell Donald

@bdevil89: @krauthammer &amp; rest of pundits r scared of truth teller like @realDonaldTrump - #immigration affects everything in society

@KBrocking: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer The Donald is the only good Republican candidate, in my opinion. Rubio, Perry, etc??? Um, no

@DavidBougs: @krauthammer Krauthammer sold some books, now His Pomposity thinks he knows US Pres politics....just another DC insider!

@mcgranejt: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 both fools &amp; out of touch with reality! We need Trump # 45 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@williamonlyrent: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer Only good candidate in this GOP field is you sir! Go Trump. #Trump2016 Thank you

@tranerofmonstrs: @krauthammer He is an openly declared traitor to this nation as are the execs of @Univision and @Macys #LETSDOTHISAMERICA

You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?

Jebs brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!

Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit  @krauthammer said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!

Via @DailyCaller by @samsondunn: Pastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statement

Via @mrctv by Ben Graham: Border Reports Back Up Trumps Rapists Claim

Thank you @BrentBozell --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time

@greta just read @realDonaldTrump going to Phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on Saturday That is correct. I look forward to it

Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: TRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was the worst and is extremely bad

@CaseyBierer America needs to hear the truth. Keep it up, Mr. Trump. You can help us make America great again. Never give up

@CrystalPrebola @realDonaldTrump @MARCMODE @CNNPolitics @mj_lee @Macys Me too. No more shopping at Macys

@jimlibertarian @ronsirak @GolfChannel Donald our forefathers would be proud of you, you are displaying A love of country like Reagan did

Via @Ammoland by Fredy Riehl: Donald Trump Talks: Gun Control, Assault Weapons, Gun Free Zones &amp; Self Defense

@MARCMODE @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump @mj_lee now I know where not to watch or shop @Macys account closed

Dear @MaraLiasson, I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon

@MilitaryRosary @Scully64  @KarlRove @GOP most people like Trump because he speaks honestly and hopefully and we know he cannot be bought

@KelliKM  @realDonaldTrump stay strong D.  The last thing America needs is the same old politician

@natalie_gulbis  Thank you for your support this morning on @GolfChannel. Even more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all

@ronsirak Thank you for being so fair this morning on @GolfChannelgreatly appreciated

Via @Newsmax_Media by @ChrisRuddyNMX: Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech

I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more!

We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Lets Make America Great Again!

Via @limbaugh: See, Trump Told You So

RUBIOS GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALS  Marco is a politician-he flip flops!

MUST READ-Its time people listened to Trump, says mother of gunned-down teenage football star  SECURE THE BORDER!

Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @Macys credit card. Thats great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

@DanScavino Illegal Immigrant Deported 6 Times Charged in Felony Hit &amp; Run of Family. @realDonaldTrump is not wrong. #Trump2016

@lolabigirl  Im not sure why people are mad @realDonaldTrump he really speaks the truth. Sir, I support you for #President

@AnnCoulter U were great last nite @ericbolling on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--Ill get it to stop &amp; fast!

People rarely say that many conservatives didnt vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide

@hallmarkm1 @realDonaldTrump is the only Presidential candidate that TRULY is fighting to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@bdean1: If I had a dollar for every time a politician lied, id be as rich as @realDonaldTrump Im happy as hell hes running! #Trump2016

@Brainbow_Bite: @realDonaldTrump I AGREE WITH PAT BUCHANAN THAT YOU SIR ARE A MAN OF ACTION! Thank you!

We have got to take our country back. Its time!

@thegre8_1:  @SenTedCruz In addition to the criminals among the illegal aliens what about all the infectious diseases they brought to US

@CoachJMan: If the majority will bind together and support Trump we will reverse the downward spiral the US is on

@ericbolling: The Establishment GOP out in force tonight trying to discredit @realDonaldTrump Congrats Donald youve got them nervous

@Retrogirl01: @AP Mr. Trump is right! BUILD THE WALL! @realDonaldTrump

@DavesBigWife:@Macys I have a Macys store I used to love to shop at until they turned on Americans @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@fernandocarnal @realDonaldTrump @Macys not shopping there again!

@absabella  Mr.Trump speaks the TRUTH And Will NOT Back Down!! Thats why he will be our next President!! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN

Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @Macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US

@tiffyluck: @realDonaldTrump God bless America and DonaldTrump. You have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with DC

@Virginia4USA: @ArtistdeeDd @HowardKurtz  As do I, Diana.Saw Mr. Trump in Manchester &amp; crowd was energized &amp; hungering 4 real leadership

@2big2bereal: @realDonaldTrump donald I dont have to tell you , your doing something right

@LendonDonna: @realDonaldTrump BC our government are spineless. We need someone who will stand their ground. You have my support

@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump DONALD! DONALD! DONALD!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #trumpforpresident

@shoegoddesss: @realDonaldTrump Will definitely vote for you. Breath of fresh air. America needs you!

@BabyPhatRox: @realdonaldtrump The huff post pollster has @realdonald trump in first place ahead of jeb bush

I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican govt is pushing their hard core to U.S

Thank you @loudobbsnews, I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!

It is time to create jobs for Americans, not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Lets Make America Great Again!

Flashback  Jeb Bush says  illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an act of love  He will never secure the border

Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesnt see &amp; cant solve the problems

I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive

Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants

@futureicon:DonaldTrump continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the fed-up American people

@MichaellW56: @tedcruz Saw where you supported @realDonaldTrump on @meetthepress to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you

@pdxnancy: Donald Trump and 2015 / 2016 Considerations...  via @thelastrefuge2~ I just signed up to support Mr. Trump

@thedemonking18: Late night confessions: I think Donald Trump would be a good president

Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite

@GarettWadekempe: Donald Trump for President! He has my vote come elections!

@eva_rider: Ted Cruz Backs Trump about securing the borders. Nothing has been done for decades.  via @Newsmax_Media

@MichaellW56: @tedcruz Saw where you supported @realDonaldTrump on @meetthepress to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you. Thanks Ted!

@spankemewanke18: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump #2016

@jackie4545890: @realDonaldTrump good for you Mr. Trump for speaking up for America youre the only one thats real

@NeBonnie: @markg0077 @helendhughes @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney I agree! Romney needed #Trumps cajones - all Im saying!

@futureicon: @GOP Trump is correct Hear about a young woman who was shot to death in San Francisco by a Mexican whod been deported 5 times

@PeritusTraining: @realDonaldTrump Dont worry Democrats, Donald will make America great again for you too

@wizHether: DonaldTrump Keep it up! Theyre attacking you because theyre afraid. Youre winning! We who love our country have your back!

@eastonelliott22:@_Tsac_ More than half of America agrees with Trump- everyone I talk to loves Trump&amp;respects blunt truths- God Bless Trump

@mdavis22569: : @realDonaldTrump How is it possible @Macys is having a 4th of July sale, when its against Freedom of Speech?

@ReillyCarole: @realDonaldTrump .We all need to get out and vote for Donald . We need a change and he is the man to bring it . Thank you!

@marita1j: Praying @realDonaldTrump continues 2 keep the Repubs honest! It w/b so great 2 hv another Reagan 2 rebuild respect 4 USA!

@realmarkjackson:Trump has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed. #truthhurts

@Karentalk: @realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews America will be restored under Mr. Trump..  God Bless America

@catisbetter666: @realDonaldTrump Im voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist Obama

@nolehace:  @DCnumerology @VeneziaMatthew #Trump #thedonald 3M followers, ck the other candidates-do the math. #trump echoes Americans

@BooBooBear4U2: #Trump keeps comin back like Bruce Willis in RED! Trump is hard hitting PATRIOT! TRUTH TRUMPS ALL!

@bdean1468: @JebBush &amp; @marcorubio couldnt carry @realDonaldTrump s gym bags. #Trump2016

@judiejudyjudy: @Macys I will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly U turned on DonaldTrump.U have no spine

Via @BreitbartNews: GAME ON: TRUMP RESPONDS TO JEB

@Darci51: @realDonaldTrump the blue! I dont care WHAT @nbc says or @Macys Screw them! Im voting 4 you, Mr. Trump! #trumpforpresident

@KMoriconi: @realDonaldTrump Waiting for the day we can call you Mr. President!

@DCnumerology: @realDonaldTrump @VeneziaMatthew TRUMP IS THE MAN

@TJeeyy: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpNation #TrumpForPresident @realDonaldTrump

@_Tsac_: Im probably going to vote for @realDonaldTrump simply because he has the balls to speak his mind. And half of America agrees

@StephPrichard1: You never give up Hope you win. @realDonaldTrump youre my #1 choice #Trump2016 #ProudAmerican

@markg0077: @NeBonnie @realDonaldTrump But still, we put our trust in @MittRomney and he FAILED us

@FrankieEMT_B: @realDonaldTrump You have my vote already! We dont need another Obama, its time for someone who knows how to lead!

@Nick_Da_Slick: #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump

@mckee16365: @realDonaldTrump I registered to vote yesterday when renewing my driver license. #Trump2016

@Lauren_Nann: @realDonaldTrump @BradSaidWhat STAND WITH TRUMP 2016

@VeneziaMatthew: Trump is the only real candidate. He is only saying what we all know. Much crime comes from illegal immigrants. Fact!

@BradSaidWhat: @realDonaldTrump NEVER GIVE UP. Youre our last hope!

@nanaelaine7: I cant wait for your inauguration!! The beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Thanks

@zengadfly: .@VRWCTexan @JebBush @marcorubio @realDonaldTrump @gatewaypundit More than a few voters may #PlayTheTrumpCard! #backlash

Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!

@MikeG_Beats: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016

@SharNeal: ANY conservative candidate who disses DonaldTrumps stand on illegals will not get my vote-he stands for US first over Illegals

@airforce2100: @Macys This 4th of July lets also remember the thousands of American citizens killed by illegals

What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!

@mariclaire81: @justdoit377 @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio I do not yet who I will vote for but can assure you it will not be Rubio

@rodsandguitars: @danaperino just lied about DonaldTrump - Dana, Trump Did NOT say ALL are criminals &amp; rapists .. #ProudAmerican#NoLying

@usclarry: Mr @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate that hits my three main topics, Border Security, Economy and National Defense

HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@roparsons: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends It is so refreshing to see a candidate with a backbone. Mr. Trump you have my vote!

I will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!

@KingAmory: Cta driver just tweaked Im voting for @realDonaldTrump

@mikescintoshow: This is why we need @realDonaldTrump He tells it like it is!

@mikescintoshow: @realDonaldTrump He says what others are too afraid to say; the truth!

@Reveretoo: @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics @teddyschleifer Absolutely. All the American people need is a leader to rise up #DonaldTrump

@omgnastygirl: @realDonaldTrump Make our country great again.. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT !

@RoniSeale:  The American people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. I am the only candidate who would build it

@KsRedbirds13: @realDonaldTrump for president. No better candidate than Mr Trump.   Thank you

@myGianLuca:  @CNNPolitics @teddyschleifer Say it LOUD &amp; PROUD @realDonaldTrump! *** ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION *** Is an Attack on Our Country!

@funtravel777: @RoniSeale @usplaymoney  @marcorubio Donald Trump cant be bought, bullied, or intimidated. He is a strong leader

@CNNPolitics: Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration  (via @TeddySchleifer)

Via @CNNPolitics by @teddyschleifer: Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration

@TheJuanWilliams you never speak well of me &amp; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!

@marcorubio what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we cant secure our border? Stand up for US

@bzocash: @realDonaldTrump that speech was inspiring Trump Im with you

@BonnieKit: Thank you America Ferrara for supporting lawless criminals from Mexico. One more needless death. 2 innocent lives taken

@_fly_on_wall_: sucks when @realDonaldTrump says what most of us think and gets punished for it. scares us

Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border  We need a wall!

My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad!

Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it, nobody else has the guts to even talk about it

Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation. We need border security!

Via @NRO by @JOELMENTUM: Matchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowa

We need jobs &amp; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Lets Make America Great Again!

Via @DailyCaller by @rpollockDC: NYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is Not the American Way

A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation. - President Ronald Reagan

Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!

Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!

@BigGstory: @realDonaldTrump is not a politician, hes the leader that America needs

@davidrwoods: @realDonaldTrump is 100% correct! You have so far made the most sacrifice! Thankfully

@jazztheelf: @realDonaldTrump youre the only reason Im registering to vote &amp; first president Im donating to!!  Thanks

@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump thank you for standing up for America lets make this country great again!

@seanbarakett: @realDonaldTrump id rather have a businessman in the White House than a politician. Youve got my vote

@james_artherton: @realDonaldTrump full respect from a British guy. I wish I could vote for you! Trump for president!

@kobuck12: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump runs to help America become great again. You know hes not doing it to enrich himself like Clinton

@Iceman0921: I support @realDonaldTrump and I as well will no longer give my business to @Macys . #Trump2016  Great!

@JUSTTHETRUTHTV: @WFinchner @realDonaldTrump @Macys So? How does that change that very bad people are coming over the boarder?

@frankdimauro: @realDonaldTrump Keep speaking the truth. The media elites cannot stop you from telling it as it is. #Trump2016

@bperez733: @realDonaldTrump @Numerologynow Yes In Deed!! #TrumpforTriumph

@KingRollinZonez: @realDonaldTrump never voted but your getting my vote

@babyylissa: Obama calls immigrants gang bangers&amp;criminals but Trump gets attacked for calling SOME illegals from SOME countries bad people

@Numerologynow: In my 37 years of Life U are the 1st person I have Ever Supported Running 4 the White house U WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN

@Spen_A_John: @realDonaldTrump @TheguhMantap hey youre the man Trump. Fight the fight

@TheguhMantap: @realDonaldTrump you are next President USA Make America Great Again!

@Non_PC_Guy:  @HoustonGunn @Macys In Chicago were still mourning loss of once great Marshall Fields, to mediocre Macys. Screw Macys!

@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump only our Donald will save Christianity..Christ bless our land

@jharwood14: If Reagan, a Hollywood actor, was president, then your chances are strong. It sure would be nice to have an honest POTUS

As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but thats O.K., I like him anyway!  @GovernorPerry

@yeswecandeport: @realDonaldTrump @Macys I am sure rocketing up to polls at the cost of losing a place to sell his ties is killing him

@HoustonGunn: My Grandma from #Seattle and Mom in #Nashville just said they wont shop at @Macys again. @realDonaldTrump

@TheUSALifeStyle: @AnnCoulter TO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain VOTE FOR DONALD TRUMP. #Trump2016 #Eleccion2015 #USA #GOP

@DHarley187: @vdare @claramarks @AnnCoulter @realDonaldTrump you tell em trump! Trump speaks the truth

@PatrickJLavin: @realDonaldTrump @GroverWindham @Highlander6700 @Macys Donald Trump for President 2016! America, let your voices be heard

@MellysModern: So ready for @realDonaldTrump to do this! Keep it up, youve got em scared!

@jeanne_mazzotta: @Macys @realDonaldTrump shame on you Macys. Whatever happened to freedom of speech #cancelingmycard

@SaveAmerica15: @MrBiggles12345  @tonyarolandtr @Youxia88 @tedcruz @Macys Trump just might be the savior of America! Better than Reagan!

@michell33841372: Donald keep speaking the truth! The media has printed your words out of context. You will make America great again!

@GroverWindham: @realDonaldTrump @Highlander6700 @Macys #obama called them gangbanger &amp; criminals

@PerryJames778:  @Highlander6700 @Macys The media Loves to twist words, and so do the politicians. @realDonaldTrump will set it straight!

@clew136:DonaldTrump your charisma, confidence, leadership, and record of incredible success is exactly what this country needs #Trump2016

@tonyarolandtr: @Youxia88 @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump @Macys The American ppl are taking a stand! We are fighting back!!!

@MARGIE352: @Highlander6700 @Macys They were taken out of context. Trying to make him look bad to the American Hispanic community

@Highlander6700: @realDonaldTrump @Macys: Seems 1 or 2 lines of Mr. Trumps comments about immigrants are continuously taken out of context

@chipman88 @realDonaldTrump @DavidDCarpenter @lafrana @Macys I didnt know Macys was still in business. Oh well, still not going there

It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Lets Make America Great Again!

Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp; ineffective. Double the sanctions!

@LepleyAmanda @realDonaldTrump @DagnyRed @Karentalk @ForAmerica amen honey honest is honest dont back down support the truth!

@BackOnTrackUSA @JulUSN @Macys Donald, I love your ties. Just set up a website online &amp; millions of us will continue to buy your products

@rebamoreland you must be doing something right, cause the left has circled the war wagons. Stay strong in your convictions, WE LOVE IT!!

@KosloffM  I really admire your straight talk and not bowing down to the drive by media and special interest groups say what you mean Thx

A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our countrys core. We must build a wall!

New orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months   Time for fair trade. Stop TPP!

Via @RedState by @EWErickson: Always Play On Offense

New jobs report: 432,000 left workforce, manufacturing &amp; durable goods go -  We need leaders who understand business

TRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE GANG BANGERS  via @BreitbartNews @ASwoyer

@NeilECollins  @Macys  only interested in sales and could care less about America. Veterans and Military will be with Trump

@RunPureMichigan  Macys stock drops after coming out in support of #illegals dust up with @realDonaldTrump and public #BoycottMacys

Great article by @RichLowry on @POLITICOMag : Sorry, Donald Trump Has A Point

@Neilleon_ @realDonaldTrump sir! Thanking you for speaking your mind and or having your very own opinion on certain issues

@mstrbass2000 @DashMan18 @AppSame  taking a stand against stupid companies over reacting to free speech, nothing trump said wasnt true

@onesoldiersmom @ArtNGonzalez @earredondo If you would listen to his words, you will hear that he was slamming our gutless politicians

Via Huffington Post Congrats, America! Donald Trump Is Now A 2016 Presidential Front-runner  by Igor Bobic

Via World Tribune The elites problem with Donald Trump: Hes not for sale by Jeffrey T. Kuhner

Via @trscoop: Mark Levin DEFENDS Trump: Hillary Clinton is a CROOK and a FRAUD and shes not treated this way!

@RealNinjetta @ErinSiegal @AppSame @Univision   My many MEXICAN friends fly to visit Mexico because UNSAFE border

NBC FIRES TRUMP, KEEPS SHARPTON: The bigots of the NBC executive suite look the other way  via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1

Trump Gives Em Hell  via @limbaugh

@racheljoycowley Im done with Macys. Apparently, they follow the trend of trying to force legislation on every American freedom. Done!

@lafrana @realDonaldTrump @Macys  I will not shop at Macys. I am with you Mr Trump!

Why doesnt somebody study the horrible charges brought against @Macys for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!

@Macys stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their @Macys credit card. Thank you!

@AnnCoulter: Yes, strange that Trump is surging in the polls for saying what other GOPS too stupid to say

@BettyeBear: @realDonaldTrump Every working class (every color) knows Trump &amp; wants to be rich like him - faces light up  @macys

@JimStaricha: @eastevens54 @cvpayne @tonykatz @realDonaldTrump Watch what he said, yes maybe a bit kinder, but a fact is a fact

@DagnyRed: @Karentalk @ForAmerica @realDonaldTrump  Im Latina/ Legal &amp; fully support you speaking the TRUTH! Dont back down!

@TickerCandy: @realDonaldTrump @Macys Ah yes, so many people I know are cancelling their Macy credit cards. #YouJustGotTrumped Great

@muireb_tpnd: @realDonaldTrump You have Lib media scrambling..I just freakn love that! Thank you for your leadership and patriotism!

@Sheriapple: @realDonaldTrump Thought ur interview w @donlemon was inspiring. U speak the truth

@TeresaWageman: @realDonaldTrump @Macys Stick to your guns Mr. Trump. You are telling the truth that too many are afraid to

@soupman227: @Karentalk @ForAmerica @realDonaldTrump #WakeUpAmerica the media has shown its true colors

@JulUSN: @realDonaldTrump  They look bad. @Macys screwed up BigTime!They are so hypocritical,YOUR Right &amp; they know it!

@ibleedcoffee: Just deleted the @Macys app off my phone. Its a shame, We used to spend thousands there a year. No more. #BoycottMacys

@JimStaricha: Mr. Trump, I truly hope you are elected. I strongly believe you have more than the skills required. We need a professional

@JewNamedLew: @realDonaldTrump @Macys to pay $650,000 settlement over racial profiling...   Boycott Macys

@ftimewifenmomma: I am really liking @realDonaldTrump. We NEED someone who will tell the TRUTH

@David_A_Hurd: @realDonaldTrump Fight the good fight Mr. PRESIDENT TRUMP! You are the only one fighting for America! #Trump2016

@ehShaun: @realDonaldTrump knows what hes talking about. Please dont give us another Bush as president

@JohnRiversToo:  @instapundit Macys sales are declining, their stock is downgraded - maybe not the best time to spit on half of America

Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees-

Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy

Who is @Macys to pretend innocence when they racial profile all over the place? Paid big fine!

Interesting that @Macys criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?

@GovernorPataki  couldnt be elected dog catcher if he ran againso he didnt!

@GovernorPataki was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- wouldve been swamped if he ran again!

@phxladydi  @realDonaldTrump I truly believe you can bring America back to great.  You dont cower
to the media, lobbyists or anyone else

@tixxannatrix @Lrihendry: Now this is the @RealDonaldTrump we have come to know  At least Trump speaks his mind. Doesnt cower to PC

@andersoncooper  AndersonThank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp; story last night. Greatly appreciated!

For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security &amp; stopping illegal immigration

Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration &amp;  SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott @Macys

My recent statement re: @macys -- We must have strong borders &amp; stop illegal immigration now!

Get ready for @Oreillyfactor tonight at 8- always interesting!

Via @THESHARKTANK1: Donald Trumps Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate

My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@webster07 @realDonaldTrump wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude. Its only way 2 defeat political correctness

Watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8PM

@tedcruz, now I know youre smart! See you soon.
#TCOT #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!

@woofeous @realDonaldTrump Everyone loves Donald because hell tell it like it is without any political sugar-coating &amp; double-speak

@yankeeworshiper  thank you to Donald Trump for standing up for what you believe in.leave the B.S.and lies for Hillary and Barack

@melsthemom @realDonaldTrump NBC=censorship. Im done with them

@Figlo7 @realDonaldTrump Apologize to the press for not being a politician - because you havent learned to LIE yet. Go Donald!

Thank you Ted

@WILDMANBS It says a lot about @NBC when they fire @realDonaldTrump but keep Brian Williams and @TheRevAl on the payroll. #tcot

@kingjersey1 @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain they cant stand that you are speaking for the American people

I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. Theyre killing us at the border and theyre killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!

We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!

@Einsteinrevisit: @megynkelly @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump LOVE the TRUMP!

@KristenCWard: Great statement and its finally nice to have someone who stands by what they say!  #GotMyVote

@ChipB: Like him or not @realDonaldTrump says EXACTLY what he thinks and doesnt beat around the bush. And thats admirable. #Election2016

@echump: @megynkelly  @realDonaldTrump if what everyone says is true Trump will score huge if this is for publicity. id trust Trump

@C_Archaeology: @realDonaldTrump is our only hope @littlebytesnews #tcot

@MARGIE352: Listen to what he says. You will know in your heart it is the truth. We are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it

@RickysPlace1: @realDonaldTrump @slucch24 @AnnCoulter It is so blatantly obvious! Why do people refuse to see it?

@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @amstaffbru I have confidence trump can turn a negative into a positive. Trump can make America great again!

@KristyWillams79: @realDonaldTrump Ive waited years for you to run for president! You are going to fix America! We Need a businessman

@TheHolyBreadcat: @realDonaldTrump Vote for Trump, hes making America to where we wont worry about illegal immigrant problems

@susanadana432: lDonaldTrump @amstaffbru Keep telling it lIke it is. You have the recipe for making the USA great again. You have my vote

@jacobmathews: @realDonaldTrump @jamalwms45 @HowardKurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly I like Donald for his no fear tell the truth attitude

@slucch24:  @AnnCoulter dont worry... we clearly dont have an illegal alien criminal problem. #AdiosAmerica

@jamalwms45: @HowardKurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly For the remark Trump made on dumping NBC, Ill vote for @realDonaldTrump

@amstaffbru: Pull out the heavy artillery, buy every liberal network and flush them in the toilet. You,Mt.T, have my Vote hands down

@MARGIE352: @realDonaldTrump I believe Donald Trump is the only one that can do this. He has no skin in the game. Just his Country

@ghostofnicky: @OutFrontCNN @CNN @realDonaldTrump Donald is the only candidate that speaks the truth!!!!

@imprimis310: @NBC is the bigot. @realDonaldTrump and @SenTedCruz only speaking the truth about ILLEGAL immigrants

Statement on Relationship with NBC-

Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!

Via @JNSworldnews by @JacobKamarasJNS:  Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel

@JoylynBest: @Maryannzfoster @Morning_Joe   Dont care about #GOP or Trump but hes the best #GOP running and should win the Primary

Remember, Univision apologized!

@BrittainShannon: @realDonaldTrump @AlWaleedbinT Or at least give it back in oil

@MalachiNorris: Just over a year before everyone hears DonaldTrump say I Donald Trump do solemnly swear that I will protect America

Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone!  @AlWaleedbinT

@hollyammon: @realDonaldTrump @MalachiNorris Mr. Trump is the ONLY one who tells the truth, no matter how politically unpopular it may be

@MollyCBS2:  @realDonaldTrump will speak @ #Chicago city club today; Reports claim 2,000 people are on the WAITING LIST to get in!

@jjhrkel: @realDonaldTrump dont ever back down from these clowns! fight the good fight!! I promise!

@MalachiNorris: I know @realDonaldTrump will be the best President that ever has or ever will walk into the Oval Office. #Trump2016

@agirland3boys: @icenycbx @realDonaldTrump @POTUS disagree a leader takes a stand. Putin would be scared of him. Peace through strength

@MalachiNorris: I sure dont trust any other politicians running to be President except @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgainThroughTrump

@KevinGalyon: @realDonaldTrump i support donald trump for president. He is a great leader Thank you

@KEEMSTARx: Wait Mhndz,  you have 5 mins to prove to me that @realDonaldTrump  doesnt support the latinos  if u do ill paypal u $1k

@KEEMSTARx: Mexican criminals coming into USA? YES Did Trump say we need to stop them? YES Did he say Mexicans are good? YES Racism? NO

@Jaguar11d: @realDonaldTrump Have a great time in Chicago today. You are the best person for the job

@DynamyteBeats: @realDonaldTrump is the only choice for 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you

@jorgeramosnews Please send me your new number, your old ones not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump

Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!

@NYDailyNews, the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman, puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor, but it is dead!

@RSan: Donald Trumps Polling Looks too Good to Be True

See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isnt Fusion owned by Univision?

Via @thehill by @martinmatishak: Trump: We look like were beggars in Iran nuclear talks

Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon

@TadBoikins: @dabeard @realDonaldTrump Hes firing up the GOP base. #crushingit

@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @HCannonball not being a career politician is an asset. Im on board trump can make America great again

@itsEmilyshine: @realDonaldTrump would be the best president  #DonaldTrumpforPresident

@incorrectpoliti: Oh My are they starting to WAKE UP. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We must save America ELECT @realDonaldTrump

@tonyschiano: Unlike #Obama....he can think outside the box! #Trump2016 ~ @usplaymoney @realDonaldTrump @beny_benson

@HCannonball: Everybody get on the Trump Train!! Its a First Class One-Way ticket to the White House with @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016

@usplaymoney: DonaldTrump @beny_benson He would be a leader because he is used to being the boss. Wont be bought like politicians either

@Samstwitch: Bill OReillys interview with Trump:Q&amp;A over what Trump would do as President!Definitely has my vote!

@DattiJulia: @realDonaldTrump I did not like you before but watching your interview on CNN, you are the man

@trapman2000: RT @Deaf_Dwayne: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for not being politically correct! America needs the truth

@WGinetta: @CNNSotu THE @realDonaldTrump &amp; @BernieSanders ARE DOING WELL CUZ THE PPL R DISGUSTED WITH #CORRUPT POLITICIANS

@FreedomHaawk: @realDonaldTrump Dont let them try to school you, or try to rearrange you, you have a mind of your own.STAY SHARP. I will!

@JasonKoster17: In @realDonaldTrump we trust.. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@mjh811: @realDonaldTrump @oates_tom You are the only one with guts. We need that!! Have my vote!  Great

@NYCStadsliv: @realDonaldTrump @StephPrichard1 You have my vote Mr. Trump, give em hell.  I will

@jamesgo31991021: @realDonaldTrump @johnmarzan @RubenNavarrette Donald trump is the man Thanks

@oates_tom: @realDonaldTrump congrats on running! You tell it like it is.....which is rare

@davidco71875026: @realDonaldTrump @GovtsTheProblem You say what the working people are thinking. Proud to support you. Dont back down !

@StephPrichard1:  @RealDonaldTrump GOP: Trumps Fearless War with Univision Only Increases His Appeal - Breitbart

@bucwaas: @realDonaldTrump please get elected! Be the next Reagan! You can do it! Thanks!

@GZervs: @realDonaldTrump is Americas only chance. He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@johnmarzan: @RubenNavarrette Trump is right. Giving illegals the right to vote will destroy the GOP and turn dems into dominant party

@DeanDesign101: Why not @realDonaldTrump? He knows how to create wealth, jobs and is not a wimp. #DonaldTrump #foxandfriends

@joseangelSP500: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President! TRUMP2016!

@GovtsTheProblem: The appeal of Donald Trump to people is that hes a fighter, not a Republican surrender monkey

@rtoneff25: @realDonaldTrump just kicked ass on Fox News. Guy is a winner  Thank you!

@incorrectpoliti: Establishment Government, Media, and Hollywood are killing America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! @realDonaldTrump

Addressing record crowd @ Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC &amp; Make America Great Again!

Must read article via @fitsnews: DONALD TRUMP VERSUS MEXICO

A great article by @NolteNC
spelling out the truth on Mexico, trade, the border &amp; illegals. Thank you @BreitbartNews

@TheReaLJuiCe88: Im working real hard Mr Trump getting you votes in Boston/Rhode island area! #IBelieve #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

@Chris_D2: @realDonaldTrump go get em!! How does it feel to be the next POTUS? #Trump2016 Thanks for the spirit!

@tonyewen: @ReaganWorld @realDonaldTrump is the real deal! When was the last time we had someone with true conviction for US?

Ill be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!

Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!

@billmaher: Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with Trump - actually, you always knew!

When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!

When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - dont take it. It is always important to WIN!

@RobRucker: The greatest social program is a job -Donald Trump

@Bass705: @realDonaldTrump Thank you Mr.Trump for standing up for America My great honor!

Letter to @Univision - Re: @TrumpDoral

If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bushs appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare

@Univision cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S.  Are they controlled by the Mexican government?

Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott @Univision

Once again the Bush appointed  Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!

I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico

Univision wants to back out of signed @MissUniverse contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico

Mexican gov doesnt want me talking about terrible border situation &amp; horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!

@JWCesare   I appreciate @realDonaldTrump and his straight talk.  Our country needs this

@nanaelaine7 @realDonaldTrump only YOU can make it GREAT again. Your plan is the only one inside reality. MAKE AMERICA GREAT with TRUMP

Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K

@gneumann_wkow: New national 2016 GOP poll from @FoxNews - @JebBush leads field, @realDonaldTrump second

I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence ODonnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad

@Mitestarossa: Jeb Bush should support Donald Trump for President I agree!

@_GOLD4MONEY: @ThePatriot143  @realDonaldTrump Trump is as Honest as they come. He wants a border and doesnt hide it. #Trumpforpresident

We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!

@nickcokley: @realDonaldTrump my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history

@TaraHollyFigure: @realDonaldTrump we are counting on you, Mr. Trump. I believe you are the answer to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@DanielaMarino: @FoxNews enough with #Bush #Clinton and the same faces every damn year. We need fresh new ppl that r not greedy. U r d one

@MunichEleven: Baseball, Hotdogs, Apple Pie and a vote for @realDonaldTrump in 502 days! On 11/08/2016 we make our country great again!

My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!

My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!

@WhoopiGoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesnt have a clue. The show is close to death!

The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to  sleep. Dead T.V

I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why Trump poll numbers are high

Just out, the new nationwide @FoxNews poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!

Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers

@_laurenharding: @realDonaldTrump not to mention that theres a whole lot of people who never got asked (me included)!!! #Trump2016  Cute

@adeeasthope: @realDonaldTrump Im voting for #trump for CEO of these United States, time to haul ass #Trump2016 Great

@LionsTrinityCap: @realDonaldTrump UNMATCHED PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN...Trump RESTORES Americas credit rating to AAA in 3-4 yrs

@MarkAGiarrusso: @realDonaldTrump Go get em Donald

@barbgee68: @realDonaldTrump Excellent! I still cant believe voters have Jeb in front of you. Havent Americans learned anything?  NO!

@Neilyoungs song, Rockin In The Free World was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didnt love it anyway

For the nonbeliever, here is a photo of @Neilyoung in my office and his $$ requesttotal hypocrite

@Neilyoung A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!

My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Thank you

@tryeye @realDonaldTrump Very strong start, Mr. President! Thanks

Politician @SenatorCardin didnt like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp; spirit. Its politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore

The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first

Speaking at the Red, White and Blue Dinner in Maryland-

Via @fitsnews:Donald Trump Surges In New Hampshire Poll: MOGUL, REALITY STAR EMERGES AS GRANITE STATES ANTI-BUSH

@kolbytraveller #Trump is more than just talk. I hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country. #Trump2016

My @gretawire interview on @FoxNewsInsider Trump: Last Person Id Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama

@Stevenfclifford @realDonaldTrump thank you for running. You have my vote and Im spreading the word. We need you there to fix this mess

Via @WSJPolitics by @reidepstein: Trump Surges in Popularity in N.H

@CWilliams_Rltr @realDonaldTrump.  I am so happy you are running for President. You have my vote

@WordgirlSmith @realDonaldTrump Please keep telling all of America that jobs, jobs, jobs are important to us because YOU ARE RIGHT!!!

@williamonlyrent So sick of politicians sugar coating problems and issues. It will be so great to have #Trump2016 say it like it is!

@_bri: This is the first election Ill be able to vote, and my vote goes to Trump because I want to live in a great country! #Trump2016

@WGinetta: WE ARE GONNA NEED @realDonaldTrump IN 2016 TO UN-NEGOTIATE EVERYTHING OBAMA SAID HE NEGOTIATED #MakeAmericaGreatAgain True

@MeaganShamy: .@ScottFordTVGuy @BrandenHarvey I was at @TrumpLasVegas when @realDonaldTrump announced president bid. Hes got my vote

Donald trump files statement of candidacy  via @CBSNews

Via @bpolitics by @emtitus: Defying Doubters, Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Official

Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@troubic  Im definitely voting for @realDonaldTrump I would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy!

@luckydoginwesty: @realDonaldTrump @FL_GIRL979 Ill be voting for Mr. Trump

@MalachiNorris: Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story. Through Trump we can bring back the American dream

True

@nojoed: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove Karl, why dont you sit this election cycle out, we had enough losers to last us a life time. True

@DanaPerino  Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyle

Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Dont underestimate yourself or your possibilities

Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but dont take things personally. Thats good business

Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one

The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!

Flashback  Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990   Guess who was POTUS then?

Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Its time for government to stop picking winners &amp; losers. Lets make sure everyone can achieve the American dream!

@AbishurPrakash  My latest piece on @realDonaldTrump winning the foreign policy race. #Trump2016

@JordanSpieth  Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon

Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers

@carsonbonner @realDonaldTrump A businessman that understands the worlds business/politics. #Trump2016

@SovAdjEast  The USA is like Wollman Rink or Ferrypoint before DJT. You came you saw and built a masterpiece. Now its the USA s turn

Thank you

@deneenborelli  Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated

@williamonlyrent @realDonaldTrump Only a fool will underestimate #Trump2016. Trump will surprise everybody and America needs him

I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!

Sadly, I will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!

@cota2012: @realDonaldTrump @hyannis1952 @FoxNews its amazing how people fear a change for the better

@Jessyandcandy: Trump,  you got my vote. With your proven resume os success. People would be nuts not to vote for you. Trump2016

@JakeAwK: Donald Trump is the ONLY candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country

@sallyvp: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump tell America they are fired! Bring some respect and balls back to the USA

@IsaacNewYorker: I said when Trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earth,when he wins,all Americans will be #Trump16

@lauralynn1955: @realDonaldTrump - @oreillyfactor loves you. It was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced. Bill O is great

@kirkcameronfan: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Because theyre AFRAID of you! #Trump2016 #American

@Alaskan_Gypsy:  @FoxNews @seanhannity indicated he would support you if you ran. Lets see if he puts his money where his mouth is!

@pbstwo: @realDonaldTrump @hyannis1952 @FoxNews The Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists. He could restore our Republic. True

@IsaacNewYorker: Finally somebody with real intelligence &amp; leadership is runnig for president Mr @realDonaldTrump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@joncford: @realDonaldTrump @TeamBobbyEwing @FoxNews @KarlRove Im just about done with Fox news!

@bdckool: I do believe that Trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration. #Trump2016

@JPJAC: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Why is it that FOX loved you until you declared as a candidate???  Good question!

@hyannis1952: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Believe they are worried you may win!

@shawncrazyshawn: I have Loved you since Wrestlemania when I was kid. I grew up &amp; see what youre all about. I am behind you ALL the way!

@KarlRove still thinks Romney won! He doesnt have a clue! @FoxNews

@TeamBobbyEwing:  @foxnews @karlrove I am stunned that Rove would suggest repealing the #2A! That will not solve the problem, IMO!

@MrBrentAllen: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove @FoxNews I watched the @KarlRove interview. He sounds like an unpatriotic dolt. Trump 2016!

@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought @FoxNews was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?

@Auburnfan2155: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove Karl Rove destroyed the Republican Party. Time to rebuild it. True!

@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove theyre all jealous of your success #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thanks

@JakeKonczyk: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove The best candidate! #GotMyVote #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. Mike was a total pro!

@MarthaRaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. @GStephanopoulos should not allow this conduct!

@utwey: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove cant wait for debates! DT will crush them Could happen!

@CandyThomas3583: @realDonaldTrump I tend to vote for democratic candidates, but I feel excited about you in the presidential race

@BK00023: Donald Trumps resume backs his run for president  @realDonaldTrump #greta @ThisWeekABC Thank you, so true

@KarlRove, who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didnt win one race, said Im not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!

Via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer: Exclusive: Trump Slams Obamatrade, Stands Up For American Jobs

Happy Fathers Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father

Via @nypost by @JonathonTrugman: Donald Trumps resume backs his run for president

@nytimes: If youre a betting man, its time to start believing Donald Trump

@I_Dont_Know_Her: @realDonaldTrump you are the best candidate for president in a long time. Hope you win Thanks

@NishantAgg23: Donald Trump is the only hope for a crumbling American economy. Hope my American friends choose Trump

@sugarhoney157: @realDonaldTrump He really is a great business man and gets the job done right. So true!

@Riggs101: Carl Icahn: Donald Trump Is Completely Correct That We Are In A Bubble Like Youve Never Seen Before

Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?

@SenzuLean: America should be so lucky to have @realDonaldTrump even consider leading our nation Thank you

@BreitbartVideo: .@AnnCoulter: Trump Has Best Shot in General Election  via @IanHanchett

Thank you @AnnCoulter for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols dont get it. Make America Great Again!

My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1

@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump Trump speech is on C-span right now...f.y.i

@Tea_Alliance: @realDonaldTrump @bobbybnews The establishment fears Trump! They are afraid to make America great again

@andrewwagner29: Its pretty clear that @realDonaldTrump would absolutely destroy HillaryClinton in a debate &amp; i really wanna see it happen

@bobbybnews: The only person running for President that will not betray America  for money is Donald Trump. Fox is cutting him down=Reagan!

Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?

Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!

I like Mexico and love the spirit of  Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S

Why did @DanaPerino beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?

@stevenkirk @realDonaldTrump @PatrickBuchanan great article .. At least #thedonald is finally saying what us average working people know!

Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk

Via @WashTimes by @CharlesHurt: Donald Trump declares war on lying, street-hustlers of Congress

Out of hundreds of deals &amp; transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business

Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zellbut nobody says they went bankrupt!

People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. Its a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool

Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantagesmart!

Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog

Has Charles @krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every wayMake America Great Again!

George Will was a big Iraq fool.  $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- &amp; we got nothing! Dummy

Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didnt attend because hes boring &amp; often wronga total dope!

@llambert0207 Ive always said the Country needs to be run like a Major Corporation it takes a Brilliant Businessman #power #donaldtrump

@theHickMan33 Lets get the Trump trending #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TheDonIsComing #TrumpCard #Vets4Trump

@williamonlyrent  Why is government run by politicians? Its a huge business and needs a businessman to run it successfully! #Trump2016

Just watched Brian Williams on @TODAYshow - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at @msnbc. Stop apologizing

@SMW5683: @realDonaldTrump Donald trump will do this country  good! He is a businessman &amp; will know how to grow our economy

@ChaddRyann: Keep doing what youre doing! Youre attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before! #Trump2016

@dcfoodsafety:  Mr. Trump youre the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!

@hollyammon:  @AndyBran @JoeNBC DONALD TRUMP has been telling anyone who would listen about the Chinese currency manipulation.  So true

@HolySelena: @realDonaldTrump You are such a bright man. You have my vote!!

@elizwatkins: @realDonaldTrump So how many more days until you are in office? #PresidentTrump #Letstalkbusiness

@hufseyg: Ive waited to vote for @realDonaldTrump since I was little. I cant wait for 2016

@CliffShep: @realDonaldTrump Youve got my vote!!

@MrInsaf: @realDonaldTrump @AndyBran @JoeNBC @keichri I believe Donald Trump will always make the best deal for his people

@AndyBran: @JoeNBC  Mr. Trump nailed it! Wow: After Doubts, Economists Find China Kills U.S. Factory Jobs -

@megliq: Ive been saying Donald trump for preZ since 2nd grade.I AM YOUR BIGGEST FAN LOOK I MET U @realDonaldTrump

@JustinBorges1 Trump 4 president...has a nice ring to it. About time someone who isnt afraid to say/do whats necessary took the reigns

Trump Natl Golf Club Philadelphia, 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline

Watch my appearance on @Morning_Joe - great interview!

The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all

Trump Intl Hotel &amp; Tower, Chicago, has received accolades for design, service &amp; our signature restaurant, Sixteen

Thank you

Speaking to great patriots @MCC_CT. My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN

Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Only a fool would buy the @NYDailyNews. Loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die!

Thank you Sarah--Lets have pizza in New York soon with you &amp; your great family

@Gabigayle @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump He doesnt need anyones money and can speak the truth because of it!  Go Donald!

Enjoyed watching @MonicaCrowleys analysis of my @BillOreilly interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica

@ericbolling, in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing on @ApprenticeNBC! Keep up the great work

Thanks @greggutfeld. Really nice! Im glad I did your show. @GregGutfeldShow

@ericbolling, watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten

Dear @kimguilfoyle, Thank you so much for your nice words today on @TheFive. Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!

Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech-

Thanks Eric

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

LIVE on #Periscope: Major announcement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Thanks Geraldo, youre a champion

11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco. I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM

In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope!

Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from @TrumpTowerNY at 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@AppSame We are going to listen @realDonaldTrump If you are really running &amp; if you keep to your word You really have a great chance to win

Thanks

Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back

@jaketapper: DonaldTrump in Iowa says I have a Gucci store thats worth more money than Romney Fact check: true

@DavidSBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump todays the day #Trump2016! Good luck!

@Desheay: @realDonaldTrump Your twitter banner is awesome. Cant wait for tomorrow.....TRUMP 2016

@premuse: @realDonaldTrump Lets take this country back. #TrumpLeeds2016

@Jarod_Pitmon10: I am a full supporter of #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump is a guy that will help this country

@NickyFlash2: #Trump4President #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump

@Rhumeey: I really would want to see what America would look like...with @realDonaldTrump at the helm of affairs

@rg_radical99: Counting down the hours to @realDonaldTrump announcement! Ready for America to become great again. Supporting you Mr. Trump

@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrumpLove it! Always respect FIGHTERS over overrated loser POLITITIANS!! Inspire GREATNESS! #TRUMP #2016

@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @realJoeMurray America can be great again with trump at the helm. Confidence counts

@isabelsimon80: @realDonaldTrump @brentcfritz Donald has as good of a chance as anyone else.. People like him...NO MORE POLITICIANS

@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrumpNo Amercian, really, can impactsuch staggering influence. Stay True! Great and savvy bizman! America: GREAT!

@DONJUBBER: @realDonaldTrump Shock the world!#Trump4President

@insuraider: @realDonaldTrump is going to make Hillarys head spin tomorrow morning. Presidential Debate? Yes, please. #Trump2016

@brentcfritz: Today is the day America becomes great again. @realDonaldTrump has some huge news that will shock the world #Trump4President

@realJoeMurray: Hopefully tomorrow is the day we start to make America great again! Looking forward to it, @realDonaldTrump. #Trump2016

Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them

Great!

Thanks

@DurandSentinus @JebBush may get headlines today, but @realDonaldTrump will dominate news for week regardless of his announcement tomorrow

Will do, thanks

Great!

Thanks

LIVE on #Periscope

Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@Subdoc101:Trump said on @foxandfriends today PPL are asking why would anyone give up his lifestyle to be #POTUS. The answer is #TRUMPCARES

@LooneyTunes002: Politicians are not going to get us out of this mess. They are all talk. #SimpleTruth #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@ZStr8Up: After the liberal 60s and 70s how did we end up with Reagan? Hollywood. The Donald may have a serious chance. @realDonaldTrump

@fyrftr211: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016. Time for a true leader to lead our great country!

@MediciMario: @realDonaldTrump Pls run u would be great!

@FuturisticHub: @realDonaldTrump Id vote twice for you if I could. Actually I can! On your SECOND Term as President! Go get em Mr. Trump!

Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@justrelaxfornow: As a nation yearns for justice and equality, that nation hopes Donald Trump will run for President. June 16, 2015

@MikeLongoNYC: @realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday! Cant wait for the announcement on Tuesday, Ill be there!

@Knight276: Being a great president requires great negotiating skills. Trump, a master negotiator, can make America great again. True!

@angiecallahan4: @realDonaldTrump We need to PRAY to God for this to happen. God please make America great again. Amen!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump YOU ARE THE MAN! You are the ONLY one of Substance! U r REAL DEAL never Bull or Hot air #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain!

@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP TRUMP - YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE AMERICA NEEDS RIGHT NOW THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN SAVE AMERCIA GOD BLESS U SIR

@mirrorgrrl: Truly Great men come along only once a genration. DonaldTrump Is That Man. Has it all- gentle wisdom,fierce biz savvy,IQ. Wow!

@NPHBalanced: @realDonaldTrump has DEPTH, stammina, Man of the World, briliant negotiater, &amp; NOT BEING POLITITIAN he has POWER

@TimWByrd: DonaldTrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president I know your the only one who could get America out of debt

@purpleheartwife: @realDonaldTrump you have some military caregivers in FL ready to back you! @sherrimarie73 Thanks, call Corey

@DoomsdayFAN: Please run! Im with you till the end! Everyone who wants to #MakeAmericanGreatAgain is! Vote for Trump/2016! God bless

@DareMagic: Lets make this country great again and bring back the entrepreneur spirit! The only person to do that is DonaldTrump #Trump2016

Remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists &amp; donors

I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!

@hogan211: @realDonaldTrump I have had it with career politicians.. You will have my vote Mr. Trump!!! Nobody owns you!

@JRMcClaren: @ToryIreland @realDonaldTrump is GOPs best chance to win in Nov. 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@JRMcClaren:  @purpleheartwife Had it with politicians. They never solve problems, just do the bidding of donors/lobbyist. #Trump2016

@purpleheartwife: @realDonaldTrump Ill volunteer to help your campaign in FL. Thanks

@ToryIreland: @realDonaldTrump ONLY #TRUMP2016 has what it takes to STOP Hillary Rodham Clinton! StopHillary #NoBama

@woodrowwinters @realDonaldTrump pumped for Tuesday. The road to getting American back starts next week. Thanks

Thank you

@JRooneyIII  @realDonaldTrump The Country needs you now more than ever.  You will be the one to bring the respect back.  #Trump2016  Thx

Thank you

Should not pass--bad deal!

Thanks

Thank you

True!

Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

Entrepreneurs: Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do whats necessary and whats unnecessary will be made clear

Entrepreneurs: Dont sell yourself short. Dont ever think youve done it all already or that youve done your best

Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative

@phate71  @realDonaldTrump Its time to make America great again. Lets do this! #TRUMP2016

Looking for Fathers Day gift? @Miamimagazine named the spa @TrumpDoral one of the best places for men to relax

@EKSpindler @realDonaldTrump @bellaxbionda go get em Donald! Enough with the PC crap. Tell it like it is and actually fix problems

Thank you

Thanks

Thank you

Thank you

There is

@Scott__Marx  Cant wait to hear @realDonaldTrump run for president and fix our country! #TRUMP2016

Thanks &amp; I wont let you down

Thanks

Great, thanks

Thank you

Video: Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point @TrumpFerryPoint

Congratulations to @TrumpPanama for winning the 2015 Travelers Choice Award from @TripAdvisor

Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago

@RealTerryPatton: @realDonaldTrump @JenCromartie Do it Mr. Trump, we are screwed if you dont.  I agree!

@DillonConrad0: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president in 2016, Id be one happy camper

@bella270012: @realDonaldTrump @JenCromartie Waiting on that 6/16 announcement. Please dont disappoint me.....  Stay tuned

@Ipatriotmedia: Texans do not support RINOs We damn sure dont support #JebBush2016 Texans want leadership We want @realDonaldTrump

@MarcoPoloMacon: @realDonaldTrump what are you waiting for? We are waiting for you to make America great again. Please run!  June 16th

@JenCromartie: @realDonaldTrump needs to run for president #Election2016 #DonaldTrump

@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @TheUSALifeStyle @GOP Trump all the way!

@TheUSALifeStyle: @GOP #DonaldTrump #Election2016 (it will happen) GOP MUST SUPPORT Donald Trump #GOP #Politics

@erikwill: @realDonaldTrump @CrainsChicago @TrumpChicago I appreciate the consistent focus on quality across Trump brands

@DonaldJTrumpJr: A pic with @realdonaldtrump from a long time ago #throwbackthursday   A wonderful son!

Entrepreneurs:  Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact

Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. Its a very empowering attitude

Entrepreneurs: Follow your own pathit will bring you to the places you were meant to be

Our @TrumpNewYork is really starting the summer on the right foot with their #wellness program as seen in @TandCmag:

@MatthewLadzik The golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules @realDonaldTrump great read #MidasTouch #ThankYou

Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago

Thank you

@GaryWhalenTV A pleasure to film at the beautiful @TrumpScotland links course &amp; club house. Thanks to @realDonaldTrump &amp; @DonaldJTrumpJr

Via Hardball with Chris Matthews

@hugshenderson  @GolfMonthly @realDonaldTrump hes a legend. Does so much good for Scottish golf Thanks

Via @TheTodaysGolfer @TrumpScotland gets new clubhouse

Dee Dee Sorvino @deedeegop I am betting on Trump

@Liberty4UanMe @LadyPatriot777 @rushlimbaugh  got to do something though! Too many times they lied to us. For some reason, I trust Trump

Via the New York Times

@LadyPatriot777 @realDonaldTrump I think hes worth a VERY serious look. He speaks BOLDLY, like Reagan, and is/was a big fan of Reagan!

Via @Newsmax_Media by Poll: Trump Surges Among GOP Hopefuls in NH

Trump Intl Hotel &amp; Tower New York, includes Central Park views &amp; our signature restaurant, Jean Georges. Perfection!

Trump Turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time

Via @GravisMarketing: New Hampshire Poll: Trump into top-tier status

Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again!

Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula

@SEETEK_AU: Watch, listen, and learn. You cant know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. Donald Trump

@cevazzulia: You have to think anyway, so why not think big? Donald Trump. So true!

Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates

Will be doing @foxandfriends live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe

Going to Scotland, Ireland &amp; other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement @TrumpTowerNY!

@realtysteve: Mr. Trump, I have been connected with you by one step through 3 different people in my life, and you would be a great prez!

@JeffJeffsc777: Mr Trump can speak, the difference, hes actually speaking of real accomplishments of risk hes had to finance on his own!

@Abraham: My only regret is that there isnt 3 DonaldTrumps so my daughters could marry the smartest, most handsome man in the world! Cute

@AbrahamL1nx: ISIS would already be on ice if @realDonaldTrump was the president. We need you, sir. #MyManTrump2016

@NEO_SALAMANDER: @realDonaldTrump Youre the type of guy we need in the White House You want to see the USA at the top

@JeffJeffsc777:  Timing is relevant. This is your time. The other candidates dont have an answer, if they did theyd use it, Trump Time!

@JeffJeffsc777:The Presidential candidates are about to be Trumped This will be a landslide the Country is ready for a leader with results

@c_shepler: @realDonaldTrump @newsobserver @RaleighReporter Great news!

@JeffJeffsc777:I believe the Country is going to think when voting for our next President Its about results thats why Trump runs he wins

Via @newsobserver by @RaleighReporter: In Raleigh, Donald Trump all but announces presidential bid

Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said, We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!

Just said at #NCGOPCon that Im not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office

Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that we have to protect our border &amp; I think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like Trump!

Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I said  People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again!

Just said at #NCGOPcon that politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!

Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators

Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the countrys highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!

Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!

@BlueWaterDays: A visionary who loves America &gt; @realDonaldTrump  Thanks

@MarioFMartinezz: I cant wait for @realDonaldTrump announcement on June 16. Great

@viksquad: @realDonaldTrump you are the man for the job

@jeffrey_gorski: @realDonaldTrump the time is now, please get out in front of the herd and announce, give us some hope

@MJVictory: @STL_Blonde DT is a better choice than ANY candidate on either side based on his vision of prosperity &amp; national security

@seankesser: @realDonaldTrump @Knight276 @cdgrafics @greta Its about time we had a president who doesnt need to care about his money

@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @cdgrafics @greta exactly he knows how to win important

@STL_Blonde: The thing thats so wonderful about @realDonaldTrump ... most people would act just like him if they were billionaires. True

@cdgrafics: @greta @realDonaldTrump Id vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the Bill Clintons. He knows Business and con men

@STL_Blonde: One of my favorite all-time @FoxNews moments: When @realDonaldTrump let @megynkelly touch his hair

@TheBingle: @greta @realDonaldTrump Will be refreshing to have views from someone else whos not a politician or community organizer IMO

@STL_Blonde: I believe ... no I KNOW that @realDonaldTrump would be a better president than HillaryClinton

Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress. - Phyllis Schlafly

Our nation has a duty to care for our vets &amp; their families. Its time to do it! Lets Make America Great Again!

We must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp; local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!

China just hacked our federal government &amp; stole gov. workers information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect

@ebhockeyfan @GretchenCarlson One thing I truly admire about Trump.He is very loyal &amp; supportive of his friends. He also says it like is

@2014_vince @realDonaldTrump @NCGOP donald for president..a true patriot

@siddiquehash @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer I Agree Donald!

Via @globegazette by @GGMaryP: Trump: Well bring American dream back

Donald Trump: Ive made up my mind on 2016   via @msnbc by @janestreet

@GretchenCarlsons memoir is a powerful example of perseverance &amp; hope. Getting Real is as real as it gets. Get it &amp; enjoy! #GettingReal

Looking forward to keynoting the @NCGOP #NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night!  @NCGOP is a top state party!

Via @DMRegister by @BylineAndyDavis: Donald Trump speaks to veterans, residents in Coralville

Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland -- home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time

@thermoclinee Hey @realDonaldTrump - had a spectacular round @TrumpFerryPoint - drove the green on #7. Awesome track! Great views! Thanks

@Wallys1700: @realDonaldTrump our country seriously needs you now please run for pres #Trump2016

Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!

@WebDanny: @realDonaldTrump @yankzpat If you dont run, then GOP has NOTHING, hence Hilary is a shoe in  I agree!

@krauthammer: On sale today. Things That Matter in paperback. With a new section on the Obama years. Book sucks!

Dummy political pundit @krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!

@yankzpat: HEY! I got my photos autographed and shook @realDonaldTrump s hand in Mason City. #June16th

@justariot66: @realDonaldTrump no bs Donald if you run Im in PA you will get my vote for sure

@Delna_42: DonaldTrump Youre going to be the greatest President this country has ever seen. I hope you win. #Trump2016 #CommanderInChief

@krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy, but if you look at his record, he isnt. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown!

@Bobzilla305: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer is a progressive making money off of the Conservative viewership A total loser!

@foxandfriends: Donald Trump: I Would Be the Jobs President

One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts

@EatSleepDan: I want to see @realDonaldTrump run for president

@CloseTheDealTV: Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN! @realDonaldTrump #quote

@NEYAM760: Trump 4 president! @realDonaldTrump

@BlueyesBeauty: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 epic things will be done! He will make the changes that we need!

With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again!

Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back, and better than ever before!

Standing room only in Mason City, Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters!

Via @KCRG by @markwcarlson: Donald Trump stops in Coralville

@RaeRae_luv Im on the fence but if @realDonaldTrump runs then Im all good

Trump Natl Golf Club, Philadelphia, is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic!

Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good

Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where theyre coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible

Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one

@123Jayne: @realDonaldTrump I have just one question please...will you be running for President 2016? We really need you!

@Alex_WJ_Milne: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to seeing you there in the Tar Heel State! #Trump2016

Fortunately for a quarterback, you can play for a long time because you dont get hit very often.  Tom Brady @SuperBowl @Patriots

Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated &amp; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!

Excited to be returning to the @NCGOP State Convention as the Keynote of Saturdays dinner! @NCGOP is a strong Conservative state party!

Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. Its time for a bold new direction!

Via @CarrGaz: Trump to jet in to unveil Trump @TurnberryBuzz clubhouse

Looking forward to visiting Mason City, Iowa, tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year!

I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.  Derek Jeter

The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!

@vilmawolfe03 @realDonaldTrump @davevin73 #you get my #VOTE for President of the Unites States of America!

@MJosephSheppard: Sound The Trumpets For A Trump 2016 Presidential Run Hear what he has to say @realDonaldTrump

@SebuFrick: After watching 2h Trump interviews, I came to the conclusion that he might have a shot at the presidency in 2016 #Trump2016 #?

@mikegallagher24: @collinsworthsnf Interview @realDonaldTrump during Jim Kelly Shootout

@Tradingforex24: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you do not make. Donald Trump 03.06 07:45

Too bad I dont get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune!

The Spa @TrumpWaikiki offers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals &amp; healing techniques

@patzann66 @realDonaldTrump Time for USA to get back on track Trump for President

@RayYedman: Rephrase &amp; quote Al Davis. #justrunbaby #Trump2016 Dont disappoint. There isnt another way 2 make America great again

@kenziestruder: @realDonaldTrump for pres 2016

@RickysPlace1: @realDonaldTrump @dxkelley @BOBonTCN Definitely a great president!!

@dxkelley: @BOBonTCN does Mister Runyan think that Donald Trump would make a good president, or a great president? Great

@MasterBaxter8: @realDonaldTrump awaiting your response on June 16. You would be the best ever

@mikegallagher24: @realDonaldTrump Check out what a great quarterback you once were. With Jim Kelly many years ago

@amy_pardue: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug please sir run we need AMERICA BACK YOU CAN DO THIS A TRUE BELIEVER

@thatxystkid: I honestly believe that @realDonaldTrump would make a great president  Thank you

@jm9145: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!

@JollyGoodman181: Vote Trump for President 2016 Americans last hope Donald Trump... Lets take OUR country back. Vote for the Don 2016

@jm9145: @realDonaldTrump Please run!!! USA needs a leader!

@davidkaifaith: golf at donald trumps place is always a good idea

@annnotari13: @realDonaldTrump Just Do it!

@Louie_Avella: #Trump2016 lets go @realDonaldTrump

@puppyslug: I care about are country &amp; that is why ill vote for @realDonaldTrump if he runs he BETTER run coz Amercia needs saving &amp; FAST

@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump sets the HIGHEST BAR OF ALL he is great &amp; will #MakeAmericaGrateAgain! He has SMARTS, SAVVY, KNOWHOW! #Tump2016

@pepsidaisy: DonaldTrump Wish I could be there! Cant wait for 06/16/15 @ 11am! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Whos the boss?

Entrepreneurs: Theres nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice

Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, its a beginning. Get out there &amp; go for it!

The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon - George Washington

@TrumpGolfLA is proud to be hosting @PGAGrandSlam where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015

Via @G_Liberty_Voice by Melody Dareing: Donald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexico

Via @ChristianToday: Donald Trump vows to be the greatest representative of Christians if he wins White House

All the haters &amp; losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!

While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him &amp; his dumb clown humor. Too bad!

@Zac_dunnn2  My summer would be made if Donald Trump decides to submit a bid for a presidential campaign. We need Trump! June 16th!!

June 16th-

Awarded 5 Stars by @ForbesInspector, @TrumpChicagos @SixteenChicago offers 
  Executive Chef @cheflentss new menu

For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!

Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast

@The_Truth_Sir: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends A great way to start out the Monday. Thanks!

@aalucero: @pacsgirl36  I luv Donald Trump, in his sleep he is leaps &amp; bounds over what we have now - I have no doubt he luvs America!

@jkellywwip: @realDonaldTrump killed it on @foxandfriends

@pacsgirl36: @realDonaldTrump run !!! We need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician! !!

I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  ENJOY!

@yankzpat: HEY! I hope to meet @realDonaldTrump on Thursday in Mason City, IA and get an autograph and a picture! Cant wait!! #Trump2016

@VanityFair: Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx   Thank you

@entreprenershp: As long as youre going to be thinking anyway, think big.  Donald Trump

@Great: Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. - Donald Trump

@WSJPolitics: Donald Trumps poll numbers would qualify him for a GOP debate, but Carly Fiorina and Lindsey Graham would be out

@PlaisanceAnn: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!!!

@SeppBlatterP: I love my time at @TrumpCollection! The staff handle my valuables with utmost care, I always come away greatly satisfied!

@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President

@c_shepler: @realDonaldTrump This trooper needs you to run

@jsilva74366572:  @nicksibrodi vote for Trump unless u want to keep getting fucked by isis, china, lobbyists and everyone else

@amazechristianl: @realDonaldTrump Are you happy with current polls? Congrats on the success so far

@_MeganEve: #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident #MakeSureYouVote @realDonaldTrump

@nicksibrodi: @realDonaldTrump  Cant America wake up and realize we need a true patriot like yourself to lead this country. #trumpforprez

@KGLeipsic: counting down the days to June 16. Why? @realDonaldTrump knows why

@realBrockDriver: Would give anything for @realDonaldTrump to run for President!! If theres anyone who can fix our country, its him!!

@JRMcClaren: @realDonaldTrump Stewart is not worth the attention you are giving him. Probably true, but its fun to expose the overrated!

@YankeeRunnerLV: Bought 2 bottles of #Empire Cologne/Deodorant so that I can smell like a winner&amp;a PRESIDENT! #Trump2016 #PleaseRun #Thanks

@JoffCallaghan: Not sure why I didnt follow @realDonaldTrump before now. Seems like something I should have done ages ago

@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @jsilva74366572 then trump need to put his hat in the ring so we can vote for him

@dmhar: @dariusrucker what about playing at @realDonaldTrumps in Florida. His golf course is amazing !

@jsilva74366572: @realDonaldTrump vote for trump or we will end up having to learn mandarin. People please wake up

@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!!!

@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump The Don is our guy... the man who will set things straight. Donald Trump for President

For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!

I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy!

@Auburnfan2155: @realDonaldTrump Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz

All the haters and losers must admit that, unlike others,  I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!

While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!

@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump @GeoScarborough @HuffPostMedia I know he can and will

@celtoid2: @realDonaldTrump @GeoScarborough @HuffPostMedia Your country needs you. Run

@GeoScarborough: Joe Scarborough Thinks Donald Trump Can Shake Things Up In 2016 Election  via @HuffPostMedia

Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast

@Jess_Blanch94: @realDonaldTrump Time for you to announce and run for president Mr. Trump! #YouHaveMyVote

Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix

Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. - Vince Lombardi

ICYMI, Via @nypost by Post Editorial Board: @TrumpFerryPoint: New Gem in the Bronx

Via @paramuspost: @TrumpSoHo New York Debuts Sizzling Summer Offerings

Donald Trump To Be In Mason City June 4th   via @KCHA

@TrumpFerryPoint was something weve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line. - @rubendiazjr

Trump Intl Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, is on 400 beautiful acres &amp; fronts the Atlantic Ocean for 2.5 miles. Spectac!

Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!

Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example

Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere

Required reading 4 success in politics &amp; life read @kimguilfoyles book #MakingTheCase. Brilliant Advice !

@ElvisDuranShow Thanks for calling in @realDonaldTrump. Always a pleasure to chat with you! #ElvisOnTopoftheWorld And my pleasure, thanks

@alphainparis: @seanhannity DonaldTrump is the 21st century Ronald Reagan. Intelligent. Bold. Surrounded by good people. Gets the job done

@macresslertech: RT  ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51%  Terrible for economy. Repeal &amp; Replace

I had a fantastic time with @jacknicklaus at the grand opening of the great @TrumpFerryPoint. Watch the video-

Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be. - @jack_welch

Its time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! We can get it done. Lets Make America Great Again!

ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51%  Terrible for economy. Repeal &amp; Replace with free market solution!

Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education

Via @AmericanThinker by Malcolm Unwell: Taking Trump Seriously

Get some face time in The Spa at @TrumpLasVegas   via @Vegascom by Rene Libutti

My @greta int. on @FoxNews on how to defeat ISIS, Obama losing ground to ISIS, &amp; Making America Great Again!

Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: Donald Trump: We Must Make America Great Again

In the end, youre measured not by how much you undertake, but by what you finally accomplish!

Watch, listen, and learn. You cant know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. Donald Trump

@luxury: Whats it like to play Donald Trumps Ferry Point golf course in the Bronx?

@business: What its like to play @realDonaldTrumps New York City golf course

@duncanebradbury: @realDonaldTrump @pmadden86 Cool photo but I want to see Trump glistening from inside the White House!

@pcm426: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsInsider @greta everything obama touches goes to hell

@ElizaWindso: @MELANIATRUMP @TrumpFerryPoint @realDonaldTrump @jacknicklaus Shell never go out of style ...  True!

@1MuskyHunter: @realDonaldTrump @suzannesaxx love this guy - no fake account, spread the word #trumpforprez

@GinaJarGirl: @realDonaldTrump @raven_claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it cant continue

@FoxNewsInsider:  U.S. Is a Laughingstock, Obama Has No Clue What Hes Doing  @greta

@meltsch: @FoxNewsInsider @realDonaldTrump @greta I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans dont wake up

@VanityFair: Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx

@MMValetServicez: I wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement.  Donald Trump

@RichJohnson1973: @realDonaldTrump for president

Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldnt answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!

@1MuskyHunter:  @suzannesaxx we need your leadership now in this country - enter the prez race please; time for real change #trumpforprez

@pmadden86: @realDonaldTrump Trump hotel Vegas glistening in sunshine

@oefoif0506: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug   RunTrump, kick their A** and get it on the right track

@CryptOhio: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP Melania would be the best looking First Lady weve had in a looong time

@BMckenna38: @realDonaldTrump potentially the most beautiful first lady of all time!!!  True

@RobinFoxNews: @DanaPerino @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump. The only REAL CAPITALIST you can honestly vote for

@bella270012: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP @TrumpFerryPoint @jacknicklaus Beautiful Lady!

@NecieWelch: @realDonaldTrump a part of becoming a great leader is to claim it! Do it.  #Trump2016

@SandraBoag: @realDonaldTrump Hopefully our future First Lady!!!  She would be amazing!

@bobby990r_1: @realDonaldTrump would lead polls the second he announces candidacy! America is waiting for him to LEAD us out of this mess!

@dakotanina: .@realDonaldTrump: We have a president who has no clue what hes doing. #Greta

@hokie6: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump the art of the deal in action. Theres a pinch of Reagan in there.  Thank you

@MELANIATRUMP: Yesterday @TrumpFerryPoint opening day @realDonaldTrump @jacknicklaus #golf   A great lady!

@puppyslug: @realDonaldTrump Fed UP with stupid polititians! Donald Trump is SMART! He can make things GO! Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!

@HowardJax50: Bush and Obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men. Trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in America!

@GinaJarGirl: @realDonaldTrump @raven_claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it cant continue

@suzannesaxx: @realDonaldTrump

@DanteDMoney: @FoxNews  YES Donald right again...but they had Givem Hell Harry for Pres...Not Pres Tweedledum &amp; the nanny congress!

@meltsch: @FoxNewsInsider @realDonaldTrump @greta I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans dont wake up

@raven_claw2: @realDonaldTrump Youre right Mr. Trump I am fed up with politicians! We need You to Lead America and make our nation Great

@wendyb5372: @greta @realDonaldTrump I love Mr. Trumps honesty. We need an honest and passionate leader and FIRE THE REST!

@fxlozano: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump he is transforming America

@BinkyBoo415: @realDonaldTrump must run &amp; must win! #2016

Good advice from my mother: 
Trust in God and be true to yourself. -- Mary Trump

Good advice from my father: Know everything you can about what youre doing. --  Fred C. Trump

@jacknicklaus elated at official grand opening of @TrumpFerryPoint
   via @nypost by @NYPost_Willis

In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US govt to do the same. Lets Make America Great Again!

@danscire @realDonaldTrump Hi Mr. Trump I was at the new Ferry Point Golf Club today and it is Beautiful!  Thanks. Enjoy!

Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.
 -- Jack Nicklaus

On 800 pristine Miami acres, @TrumpDoral boasts luxurious accommodations, world-class dining &amp; championship golf

A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: Practice puts brains in your muscles! THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE

@ashbakali: Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure.Donald Trump

@BlueWaterDays: Would rather have a dynamic, experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office DonaldTrump

@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #ARealLeader #USA And God Bless our Troops! #Navy #Army #Marines #CoastGuard Thanks

@2014_vince: @njm4250 That means he can get the better of china..china control bush.obama.....Trump uses,controls china.never loses

@Mitnasty33: @realDonaldTrump Politicians and diapers must be changed often, and for the same reason. - Mark Twain  So true

@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bush..obama mess Wow, it can be done!

@VMilaccio: Jack Nicklaus elated at official grand opening of Ferry Point via @NYPost Congrats @realDonaldTrump

@BabyFuzz1969: I want to see YOU represent, we, the people who want our country back. You will be the shining star at August 4th debate!

@nitya_lal: @realDonaldTrump You should be president! I believe in you #Trump2016  Thanks

@alexx4111: @realDonaldTrump I dont even live in the States, but I would still vote for you. Trump4President

@VinceFox73: DonaldTrump @DNorrell @Judgenap @freedomlives999 Which is why he should run and show these clowns how things should be done

@JeniferStevens: @TrumpFerryPoint No one builds a golf course better than you. Played Trump Ireland and Scotland as well as US Thanks Jen!

Will be doing @greta interview  tomorrow. So much to talk about!

@bfree3423: @TrumpFerryPoint honored to be at the Grand Opening Ceremony of Trump National Ferry Point today

@DNorrell: @Judgenap @freedomlives999 DonaldTrump trump is the only non politician who will actually do what he says. All the rest all talk

@davevin73: @realDonaldTrump You should be president, I signed up for Twitter just to tell you this. A lot of Americans feel the same way

@2014_vince: I am praying sir u wil b president in 2016..end the scam of foreign aid..make other countries PAY for help..you INSPIRE

@papaouch: @TomEvans1972 @realDonaldTrump Iraqis will never learn to fight if we continue to bail them out

@saves_umoney: @IvankaTrump @SandraSmithFox @TrumpFerryPoint @FoxBusiness   Great interview Sandra. Ivanka kicks butt and takes names

@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump bring jobs back from asia and mexico..vote trump for wage justice

@pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump Its almost June &amp; time for the big announcement!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident

@caholcom53: @realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter #trump2016 #MakingAmericaGreatAgain

@TrumpFerryPoint: Two great families come together to create a masterpiece. #GrandOpening DonaldTrump @jacknicklaus

@therealtommydel:1 &amp; only POTUS candidate 2 support Tom Brady deserves the White House. Clear judgment &amp; common sense for USA ! #FreeBrady

@AnnCoulters new book-- Adios, America! The Lefts Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole-- is a great read. Good job!

Everyones dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard. - @serenawilliams

Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute

Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge

Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution, not the problem

If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief

Whether you think you can or think you cant---you are right. -- Henry Ford

My honor

@_Aleshaxo: @realDonaldTrump Now that just put a smile on my face!  Keeping the faith that you will run. #Trump2016

@wendy1134: @realDonaldTrump @NiccoBigalli Things would be so much better! #Trumpforpresident  True

@kenbu1: @realDonaldTrump Waiting to hear you will run for President in 2016.  Watch

@_Aleshaxo: Good morning @realDonaldTrump Im still hoping to hear #Trump2016  Youve my vote.  Stay tuned!

@NiccoBigalli: @realDonaldTrump #Trumpforpresident  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@robertpatrickmc: @GovernorPataki didnt shine as governor in NYS why would he become president of the united states @realDonaldTrump True!

@rosannascotto: Coming up @realDonaldTrump on #GDNY talking about his new golf course in the Bronx! What else is on your mind?

I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed  (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job D

@MELANIATRUMP:  @realDonaldTrump

@sheveeta: Cant think of a better candidate. -Donald Trump

@jkapper15: @realDonaldTrump please deeply consider running for office. Cannot think of a better candidate #Trump2016  Thanks

@SunshineKhali: @realDonaldTrump @rtesta O personally I think you would be a great president for our country #Leadership

@GirlCant_helpit: DonaldTrump  Everyone wants you to run. Why dont you? You would be perfect. President Donald Trump has a good ring to it

@HMunjal: David @Lettermans Top 10: The @Forbes List Members Whove Appeared The Most  - @realDonaldTrump: 21 times!

@rtesta: Like I said before we need to run the country more like a business. Who better than @realDonaldTrump to turn us around. #Trump2016

@RobertoAG415: Economically,DonaldTrump is what America needs.I dont know if hes running or not, but Im voting Donald Trump for President

@cclkm: @realDonaldTrump I beg you to run Stay tuned!

@KathyPenree: First time at Doral since the renovations, wow! Fantastic job @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump  Thanks

@Vinnie_109: @WalkerLaflin @katie_0303 we need @realDonaldTrump to run and we would be good

@JohnFromCranber: Donald Trump: Never a Greater Enemy to Israel Than Obama  Iran/Nukes

@persdevquotes:  I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present -  Donald Trump

@thehill: Donald Trump on Mexico: I would build a wall like nobody can build a wall   True

The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They dont care!

@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP: Hero. Energetic,savvy AMERICAN!! Need America strong. SAVIOR! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Tump2016

@tdg_tom: @realDonaldTrump we cant get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood.  Watch

@tdg_tom: @realDonaldTrump we cant get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood. Go get em!

@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Loved all you had to say today!! So true all of it! Thats what we need to hear Truth!! You give me HOPE!!

@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump I enjoyed hearing you again this Memorial Day ! I am partial to you - trustworthy American

@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends keep telling it like it truly is! God Bless You And Yours!!

@BLG216: @realDonaldTrump Were all very proud of you, Donald

@05FXDLI: @realDonaldTrump As usual, great pinpointed analysis of the world situation. I enjoy your frankness and honesty.  Thanks

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M

@geoff_deweaver: Who`s the (social media) King of New York? -  via @PeerIndex #congrats @realDonaldTrump @jimmyfallon

I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!

Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again!

@sintianiej: Yes, this is our next president - Donald Trump. In 2016 election America vote DJT

Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well  think BIG!

@republicbuzz: Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump? | RealClearPolitics

@Trading: Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game - Donald Trump

@JDCorbinPM: VIDEO: Donald Trump Issues Epic Promise to #Christians if Elected President

@thehill: Donald Trump: I have created tens of thousands of jobs

@ABCPolitics: Donald Trump speaks on 2016ers, says Jeb Bush stumbling

@theblaze: Donald Trump says hed be the greatest representative of the Christians if elected president

@FoxNewsInsider: .@realDonaldTrump: I Want to Make the Country Great Again  @megynkelly

@DRUDGE_REPORT: Opens private 757 jet to reporters

@RealClearNews: After years of fanfare, will #DonaldTrump run? @RebeccaGBerg reports:

@AB_CutRock: AIR FORCE TRUMP: The zillionaire pol dishes about Rand, Mitt and Jeb  via @MailOnline

@bamayorgo1: @realDonaldTrump would be better then Jeb Bush  By a whole lot!

@brianjames75: @GOP, dont choke again! Choose Americas boldest leader to date. @realDonaldTrump #GoBigUSA

@mjnstn: Very entertaining interview with @realDonaldTrump. Last quote in article is hilarious ..  Thank you

@kcef35: Best looking building in Chicago @realDonaldTrump

@CahlRStorrie: For my birthday today Id like to see @realDonaldTrump make it official that hes running for president! #DT2016 #Trump2016

@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump strong clear decisive leader needed..vote trump  Thank you!

@SeanlaiC: RT @JeanRalphiooo I would endorse @realDonaldTrump in a presidential run!

@thedanid: I see you, boss @realDonaldTrump

@kamwaters: @realDonaldTrump Cant wait for your exciting June announcement! Keep posting videos, theyre always informative. #Trump2016

@CarterDeKeyser: People get so mad when I tell them the only person I would even consider voting for in 2016 is @realDonaldTrump if he runs

@HoboWill: @realDonaldTrump you are convincing me more and more..  Thats good news!

@goldregime: Im sold on @realDonaldTrump, #TRUMP for president!

@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump Announce youre running already! We need you! #Trump2016  I agree, our country is dying!

@TpGraf82: Im surprised @fox didnt quote all of @realDonaldTrump Hopefully in June they will be quoting you right! #Trump2016

@DirtyHouseGuy: Why wont you run for #POTUS and just shut all these idiots up once and for all?? Show them how is should be done!!

@dfberger23: Wait @realDonaldTrump is really running for President? Just saw his campaign site!

@VerumEstLiberta: @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Donald its all lip flappin till you get serious...Are you in or just playing us?  JUNE!!!!

@DannyLofaro: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!

@turkeyofmurica: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Competing show!

@James00549702:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Sometimes Megyn thinks she has an agenda. It pays to be humble &amp; just report the news!!

@aa_trevino:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Donald, its more important for @oreillyfactor to have your views than viceversa, dont sweat it

@DannyLofaro: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! Stay tuned!

@AlexPascal123: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Students at New York Institute of Technology are rooting for you Mr. Trump!

I told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!

A strong America creates opportunity and growth. We just need to change Washington. Lets Make America Great Again!

On this Memorial Day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our countrys finest

Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.  Mark Twain

@BHLiberty @realDonaldTrump I will look forward to your debate performance! I believe this country could use a leader like you! Good luck!

Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point: Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me

If I run, and if I win, our country will be great again. - last line of my @SRQRepublicans speech

Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician. - my @SRQRepublicans speech

Audience chanting RUN TRUMP RUN! during my my @SRQRepublicans speech! They are going to be very happy

I said dont invade Iraq from the very beginning. - my @SRQRepublicans speech

I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does. - my @SRQRepublicans speech

Via @ABCPolitics by @ajdukakis &amp; @rickklein: Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016

Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here! - my @SRQRepublicans speech

Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country b/c they dont have it. - @SRQRepublicans speech

I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released. - my  @SRQRepublicans speech

I make good deals. Thats what I do. I would make great deals for our country. - my @SRQRepublicans speech

Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! @SRQRepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd

Wouldnt it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?! - my @SRQRepublicans speech

Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by @SRQRepublicans. A record 2,000+ sell out

Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and its the ideal situation to strive for

Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you dont, no one else will either

Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort

Just 30 minutes from Manhattan, @TrumpNationalNY is Westchesters most elite club offering a 7,291 yard course

@JPWV64 @FoxNewsInsider @megynkelly I am with you Mr Trump! I want to make America great again. It can be! Our spirit is not broken

@mbabramson @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsInsider @megynkelly Is always nice to listen to you because you answer, and not dodge, the questions!

Via @RealClearNews by @rebeccagberg: Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump?

Flashback: NYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rink

Always be prepared to start. - @JoeMontana

Via @TWtravelnews by Robert Silk: Renovations make Trumps Doral a showcase once again

@millersandra88: @realDonaldTrump @MansfieldRA @FoxNews He is the only one who could save us!!

@RealSQUEZZ: I LOVE @REALDONALDTRUMP BECAUSE HES BRAVE, FEARLESS AND HE S GOT WILL-POWER TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD!!! #VoteTrump2016

@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrumpVOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP HE IS THE BEST VOTE TRUMP SHOW YOURE INTELIGENCE VOTE TRUMP TO SAVE AMERCIA

@MansfieldRA: The Q Is Will The @realDonaldTrump Run For President? We Shall Wait And See. @FoxNews Just watch!

@IPSInvestments @realDonaldTrump The world would be a better place if businessmen like Donald Trump had more say in the day to day business

@FoxNewsInsider: .@realDonaldTrump: I Want to Make the Country Great Again  @megynkelly

@RBransonNews: Is America ready for Donald Trump as president?

Why Donald Trump Wont Touch Your Entitlements: DES MOINES, IowaDonald Trump says if he runs for p

@MarcoRubioTNews: Is America ready for Donald Trump as president?    Wayne Allen Root-wow, great words and delivery!

@carrillo_pete: #make America great again. We need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. We need #DonaldTrump2016

@RoadrunnerKD: Mr. Trump you are the most qualified candidate. This nation needs your leadership, experience and wisdom. #Trump2016

@_Snurk: We need@realDonaldTrumpto MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ONLY PATRIOTS ALLOWED!!  VOTE VOTE VOTE TRUMP

@631acf83e56d41c: We need change, your the MAN!! You got my vote!! Ill campaign for u in AZ!! Lets do it Trump!! #Trump4Prez #uwillwin

@obadafidii: Trump: I Want to Make the Country Great Again  #SmartNews

@CharlesLiva: Thanks @realDonaldTrump , this country needs a real leader, and you are the man! #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT #DT2016 #DonaldTrump2016

@GappistanRadio: All it will take for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing. @realDonaldTrump you have to run! #Trump2016

@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @kneehighspy trump you know how to get this country moving on the right track. Go ahead and run for pres

@CharlesLiva: Wishing this moment to come, thanks @realDonaldTrump , Ill vote you #DT2016 #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT

@Pri. Had a dream that @realDonaldTrump was POTUS and @WarrenBuffett was VP. Our country was finally debt free. Too bad it was only a dream

@kneehighspy:  Mr. Trump keep us informed of your presidential bid, we really need some help out here for the common folk! #Trump2016

@SmokyJacques: @realDonaldTrump waiting on Trump to Pump the economy!

@YankeeRunnerLV:Whether you run or not(Praying U Do) your getting my vote.I am writing you in if you dont run.Your our best hope #Trump16

@GoHardYoung: The only way Im voting for president is if @realDonaldTrump runs  Cute!

@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @GameANew put your hat in the ring - Ill vote for you. Get busy trump

@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump -Trump the players in this presidential race..... #trump2016

@lunar_kismet15: @champforr @megynkelly he also knows what is like to start from humble beginnings and make it to Wharton business school

@lunar_kismet15: @realDonaldTrump @champforrest @megynkelly i cant wait to see you on Gregs new show! You get my vote

@KirstenPowers  New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!

@pdk73: @realDonaldTrump I have said for a long time we need a businessman in the White House

@thomas_tullos10: @realDonaldTrump said he would build a wall on the southern border... Got my vote!!

@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump Count me in! Anything I can do to help.. #Trump2016

@HarmonBrew: @FoxNews @megynkelly  DonaldTrump #KellyFile Trump is so right about Geller. Megyn, stop advocating for her; its a loser

@DonnySavaged: I really wish @realDonaldTrump would run for president

@champforrest: @megynkelly  Bringing jobs back from China &amp; Asia is a winning issue. Hell capture the Reagan Democrats. Hope he runs

@Chris_R_2014: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump - He would fix this complete mess. America needs Trump. We dont need Obama

@FCBauman: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump not if..., now

@_marryyy: @realDonaldTrump was right. Correct infrastructure wouldnt even let trains go that fast to then blame it on excessive speed

@LadyofFe: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly just watched, love your positive can do attitude

@luvda24man: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump plz plz run our country has gone to hell..we need a smart business icon no more political liars!

@AndyBran: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly great job Mr. Trump! I will be 100% in your corner if you choose to make America great again!

@heidimac60: @realDonaldTrump Great job on #KellyFile now Im BUSTING to know if ur running! !

@CornWhisky: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Pretty much says it like it is

@DNorrell:  @megynkelly shame on Megyn.Trump has more exp than all the candidates combined.Hes the only 1 2 turn this thing around. True!

Signing The Facebook Wall-

I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY

@megynkelly  Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!

I will be interviewed on @megynkellys The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on  @FoxNews!

Our country has tremendous potential. Together, we can fix Washington. Lets Make America Great Again!

Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a success. Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!

My @TheBrodyFile int. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East &amp; Religious Liberty &amp; Freedom

My @TheBrodyFile int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border &amp; deduct costs from Mexico

Looking forward to being awarded the 2015 Statesman of the Year by @SRQRepublicans this Thursday. A record 2,000+ attendees-Cant wait!

Via @zpolitics: Donald Trump Sends Message to @GaRepublicans

Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course, just minutes from Manhattan

I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at @facebook NY today-

@DoomsdayFAN  @realDonaldTrump Will make America as successful as his empire! WE NEED TRUMP!

@iamgavinjame To make America great again we must #THINKBIG &amp; understand that its #TimeToGetTough on China! @realDonaldTrump will do that!

What people dont know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!

I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line Make America Great Again. Typical pol- no imagination!

There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady

@GirlCant_helpit: @realDonaldTrump run for President. Youd have my vote

@Mrs_Batie:  @VeryOddDog totally agree that this country is in ruins and needs to be restored back to the way our forefathers intended

@DoomsdayFAN: @realDonaldTrump President Trump ... has a nice ring to it. Trump2016  Thank you

@AerielleS: @realDonaldTrump is the key to success.  Thanks

@movieloverjohn: @realDonaldTrump its time 2 run 4 president &amp; #trumpthecompetition

@TexasArmyMom18: Ready for your interview on #KellyFile  @megynkelly enjoyed and watched every interview of yours for #2016presidential

@sanksharma: @realDonaldTrump is always kicking ass. #theapprentice #trump2016 #TrumpForPresident #NeverGiveUp

WOW, SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! @not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP2016 TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES

@RealSQUEZZ: VOTE @Realdonaldtrump FOR POTUS SO HE CAN STOP ALL THESE FAKE-ASS POLITICIANS!

A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL! @PrivateCaddie: Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from @realDonaldTrump #Golf

@marinacitynews: Trump announces soft opening of riverfront event spaces  @buildordie_com -

@greenhousegrown: @realDonaldTrump @DRODELL76 Your my only hope, if you bow out then I am not voting for anyone else!!! Keep the faith!

@traapgawddd: @realDonaldTrump kick Obamas ass and run for president already

@DRODELL76: Have never voted in a presidential election but when i do @realDonaldTrump will get my vote! #trump4president

@Tendraftsdeep: @realDonaldTrump get it on and get this nation back. Kick ass

@bijobijo: @realDonaldTrump run for president, clear cut, stop the nonsense of current fools

@BowersAllyson: @realDonaldTrump @DoleFoundation #HiddenHeroes #alleras   Great champions!

@TBI_ArmyWife: Thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the #HiddenHeroes. Proud to be a Texas Fellow @DoleFoundation

@jsilva74366572: @realDonaldTrump cant wait til your anouncment . You have my vote . Lets make america great again

@IslesFan83: @realDonaldTrump I hope you run. America needs it badly

@TimJonesCFA: 2 minutes 20 in, politicians need lobbyist money.I dont, I have lots of money  @realDonaldTrump 4prez

@Crackmacs: @Brangwyn @inducedcoma Im still expecting @realDonaldTrump to swoop in and save the day  Stay tuned

@brianjames75: My prediction: @realDonaldTrump will declare his candidacy near Memorial Day or July 4th. #Symbolism #Patriotic #GoBig

With Sen. Elizabeth Dole &amp; @DoleFoundation Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military &amp; veterans!

Incredible progress at @trumptowerpde  Punta del  Este, Uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic!

Actions are the seed of fate 
  deeds grow into destiny.    Harry S. Truman

Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules

Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count

Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable --  but dont take things personally. Thats good business

TPP does not stop Japans currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!

Our debt finances Chinas military. Its time to get tough  we hold all the cards. Lets Make America Great Again!

Via @HuffPostPol by @_under_current: Donald Trump Will End Outsourcing If President

FLASHBACK via @Reuters from 2004: Donald Trump Would Fire Bush Over Iraq Invasion Its called great vision

Trump: I created tens of thousands of jobs  via @thehill by @SmiloTweets

Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?!  Guess he would have invaded Libya too!

Host of the @PGATOUR &amp; @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster

Congrats to @greggutfeld on his new @FoxNews show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy

@Richard__Lewis: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump you could become the best POTUS of all time. Your business scorecard speaks for itself. Thanks

@Bobo_Shields: @realDonaldTrump is living proof that with hard work and dedication, you can accomplish your biggest dreams

@FlyOSUBuckeye1: @realDonaldTrump: @pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 #trumpforpresident

@_chanelelle_: Donald Trump is my inspiration in life @realDonaldTrump love u Donald u the real mvp!!

@LoriPatriot:Thank you DonaldTrump for speaking the truth &amp; saying what many of us have been.  @seanhannity @FoxNews

@lancebagley1: Great Article, DonaldTrump   ISIS in competition w/ Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain &amp; Kill Islambies!!!

@MarkMizzouSteel: I see you @realDonaldTrump

@pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 #trumpforpresident

@littlevd23: @oreillyfactor DonaldTrump If Mr Trump runs and becomes the next President you can rest assure he would address them swiftly!

@shea_leduc: @realDonaldTrump for president and Tom Brady for his VP  Cute!

@pdigiore1: @realDonaldTrump my husband and myself are praying you run for president. Thank you!

@IslesRBYanksFan: Politicians are all talk and no action. Lets make America great again. Mr. Trump, for the sake of America, please run

@G87Mac: @realDonaldTrump Pinnacle of Chicago skyline #TRUMP

@TrumpNationalNY- a great place!  @TrumpGolf

Via David Ebner re Stanley Cup &amp; Trump poster: If youre going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big

Gallup finds Des Moines, Iowa, has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! @DesMoines

@fackinpeter  @realDonaldTrump im ready for u to make america great again

@somegirl71 @realDonaldTrump Look forward to hearing you every Monday on @foxandfriends. You are exactly what this country needs!!!

@KhathuEnos  ignoring haters and losers is the best medicine of success, build a wall from whatever they throw towards you Sir

@iamgavinjames politicians have very little real knowledge, &amp; instead are pumped full of political rhetoric by staff. Its #TimeToGetTough

Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq was not a mistake. He looked clueless!

@utkarsh_chheda: @realDonaldTrump @Elgianne damn.. a lot of haters follow u....  Haters and losers!

@Rsherfy: @realDonaldTrump @macresslertech @taylorj0103 Mr. Trump I would vote for you, we need to make America great again

@Elgianne: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to your announcement!

@macresslertech: RT Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:Trump: Bring back jobs from overseas  Lets Make America Great

@AmieeSurratt: Love it! I hope you do run: we need a change sir @realDonaldTrump

@tokindaddy: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Brian dont try take Trump on with your wit. He got you beat, hands down! Brian is terrific

@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends Mr Trump glad to hear you say We are going to make this Country Great Again! Your honest you tell it like it

@monty3251: @realDonaldTrump ..cant wait til June Mr. President, millions are waiting for you to make this country Great again

@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends Donald, like it is! You continue to give us hope! This country needs you! Looking forward to June God Bless!

@anurag7287: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you are the best  Thanks

@Kurt_Sengul: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Just run for President Donny, youd win for sure

I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@derbitteractor: @realDonaldTrump sen. hillary clinton voted for the war

Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.  Such a waste

@littlevd2 km @FoxNews Really not surprising....Mr. Trump please end the speculation and make the announcement that your going to go 4 it

@BombasticSigma: Can you just announce already that youre running for president so I can campaign for you. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@dcfoodsafety:  Mr Trump - when are you announcing your candidacy so you can clean house on the current candidates? #Trump2016  Stay tuned

@elifourv: @realDonaldTrump Youre really the best, Trump!

@enoeht85: @realDonaldTrump run #tramp run!!!!

@AwaisM: @realDonaldTrump please run

@ardow: @realDonaldTrump Jebs got no IQ ... same as his brother

I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to love each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols

Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace @FoxNews concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb

Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!

Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:Trump: Bring back jobs from overseas  Lets Make America Great Again!

@taylorj0103: I hope and pray- @realDonaldTrump

@cspanPolitics: .@realDonaldTrump remarks at @IowaGOP #LincolnDinner on @cspan

@1italianheart: We need a real American to run our country and that real man is @realDonaldTrump. Get this country back on track

@loveb4youdie: Waiting for @realDonaldTrump to announce for president, tired of all these posers  Stay tuned

@SHAWSHANK5: @realDonaldTrump @AJ_13_Hulton Why not run for president? You are the best for America and the world

@Lunadeapril: @realDonaldTrump @Jnakes77 hehe I totally agree! Donald makes me mad sometimes but I low key adore him!  Noce

@mec755: @realDonaldTrump @LauraAbokhair Donald Trump could turn this thing around .... WATCH

@ann_txpurple: @AJ_13_Hulton Go Donald . Saying go for it. I think you would make a great President but miss you on Apprentice

@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump @TheBrodyFile -Im all aboard the Trump Train. I know it wont derail

@thekerikgroup: Here are 14 reasons why @realDonaldTrump is running and doing well:  @NewsmaxTV @Newsmax_Media

@BSticklen: @realDonaldTrump at your place in Chicago, Love it!

@AJ_13_Hulton: Best book Ive ever read @realDonaldTrump

@Jnakes77: @realDonaldTrump We love u too Mr. Trump even though u make us mad sometimes.  Cute!

@MikeRicks: Joining Reagan as POTUS with a star on the walk of fame @realDonaldTrump? #gotmyvote   Great

@TheBrodyFile: Always great to visit with  @TheBrodyFile one-on-one with The Donald in Des Moines this afternoon

@LauraAbokhair: @realDonaldTrump You could change this country around! True and thanks!

Today is armed forces day. Thank you to our military service members! I love you all!

Received a standing ovation in packed house @MorningsideEdu after Sam Clovis intro! Lets Make America Great Again!

@4kmiddlebrook: DonaldTrump has been Building / Stimulating Cities around the Globe his whole life #WorldChampion #RebuildAmerica Thanks

@frankgaffney: Tomorrow @realDonaldTrump will be speaking at IA Natl Security Action Summit 1:30pm. Join us.#tcot

I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Excited to be speaking at @frankgaffneys @securefreedom Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 1:30PM!

Via @Newsmax_Media: 14 Reasons Donald Trump Is Really Running  and Doing Well

Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at @MorningsideEdu in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Lets Make America Great Again!

Via @fitsnews by @TaylahhKane:
Donald Trumps Refreshing Lack Of A Filter

Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: Trump inches closer to a decision

Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Party Lincoln/Reagan Dinner tonight!  Leaving now!

@BillRancic  Bill, fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!

I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse

@SkeeterSpinello:Trump might be the the smartest business man alive.But its your honesty in your opinions that separate you from the field

@davesportsgod: @realDonaldTrump I hope you decide to really run for President this time. Are you going to make a decision soon? Very soon

@jsilva74366572: @DurandSentinus - US infrastructure is seriously deficient - anTrump is the only one talking about it !! Lets go Trump !!

@davesportsgod: @AngieBatlle @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton After McCain and Romney, someone with an actual backbone would be refreshing

@terrisanislo: @ColorMeRed @realDonaldTrump Hey, the man knows how to run a business!

@jsilva74366572:  @GappistanRadio - all these pols are such ass kissing fakes - trump is theonly one speaking truthTrump for pres !!! 2016

@JDrago28: It was such an honor to meet @realDonaldTrump today in New Hampshire! What a great man! #NH #business

@dan_numba: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas you are the best mr trump

Via @bostonherald by @ ChrisCassidy_BH: Donald Trump says Jeb Bush is wrong about Iraq

Trump Intl Hotel &amp; Golf Links Ireland (formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg) is a 5 star resort fronting the Atlantic Ocean

@DurandSentinus: Japan has faster trains &amp; better safety. What is wrong with us?? AMTRAK! @realDonaldTrump could easily fix!

@GappistanRadio: Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz are not the answers. America needs Trump to send Hillary packing and make USA great again!

Failure isnt fatal, but failure to change might be  John Wooden

@STR8HUSTLING: @realDonaldTrump Donald you would have fired Jeb Bush a long time ago on the apprentice  True!

@OgreUasshole: @realDonaldTrump I cant wait to see you destroy Hillary in a debate!  We must win and make America great again!

@Joe_Hurwitz: @realDonaldTrump WOW YOU ARE GREAT AND YOUR HAIR IS AWESOME  Wow, I love the second part!

@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump IF anyone in the GOP field was SINCERE they would ENDORSE DONALD J TRUMP to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN

Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!

I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesnt want to be doing this, he is not having fun!

Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement more probable than not against Tom Brady? Sue them, Tom, and make lots of $. @nfl

I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win

You can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE, @nfl targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!

Needed: Leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.Only one knows The Art of The Deal. Lets Make America Great Again!

Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to @straffordnhgop for hosting! Lets Make America Great Again!

Looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT

Thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics

Donald Trump trademarked Reagan slogan &amp; would like to stop other Republicans from using it  via @businessinsider

Via @swan_investor by @Forbes: The Trump Card: Make America Great Again

@ajbruno14 Thanks, Old Post Office is hidden treasure, worth the time to visit!  It will be fantastic!

My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A

We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGH

I am the BEST builder, just look at what Ive built. Hillary cant build. Republican candidates cant build. They dont have a clue!

TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols, &amp; better

Remember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all!

The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk!

@mark_esque: @bobby2700 @realDonaldTrump Good point. We just really need your help Donald!

@BiffDiddle: .@realDonaldTrump This is why we need a real leader in the White House. #Trump2016

@JoeTorre: #HappyBirthdayYogiBerra!

Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols cant solve!

Jeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous  Iraq war all over again

@James_Taylor78: @realDonaldTrump Youd have my vote!  Great

@Jaybags9: Enjoying day 1 of my stay in @realDonaldTrump s hotel @TrumpDoral #ImprovedSinceLastYear #Lovely

@Stann1s: @realDonaldTrump Wish you were president of the United States would be the greatest time to be living brother

My @bostonherald interview on Tom Brady, Hillary Clinton, the Granite State &amp; Making America Great Again!

Polling strong, Donald Trump starting to get serious
   via @bostonherald by @JaclynCashman

Glad the Trans-Pacific Partnership failed in the Senate. Bad deal for American worker &amp; economy! We need SMART TRADE!

Via @PRNewswire Streetsense Brings The National, a Geoffrey Zakarian Restaurant, to DCs New Trump Intl Hotel

Via @BreitbartNews: DONALD TRUMP: RICH PEOPLE DONT LIKE MEPOOR, MIDDLE-INCOME PEOPLE LIKE ME BEST

Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits. -- Thomas Edison

Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results

Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them

Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what youre doing to be successful at it

@WilyKayote @LenToddWOR  I hope the Don throws his hat in the ring for POTUS. He cant be bought!  He said this country is going to Hell

@enzotorin @realDonaldTrump Trump is the man #Trump2016

@therealtommydel Trump for President!  Tom Brady as running mate?

@donhewitt3 @RonFromLasVegas People are very naive if they think only the Patriots do this. Had no effect on the game. Go to court

I was proud to be one of Ronald Reagans earliest supporters. Like Reagan, its time to Make America Great Again!

Sue them Tom! #TrumpVlog

What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!

@strombolijeff: @realDonaldTrump u are the peoples hero. TRUMP 2016 youve got my vote! Thanks

@ByronYork: Donald Trump is rising in NH, IA. Whats going on?

@ByronYork: In new Bloomberg poll, Donald Trump ahead of Christie Cruz Carson Huckabee Fiorina Graham Jindal Kasich Perry Santorum

One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post @TheFix. Moron hates my poll numbers

@delonte3ast: Tom Brady is about to win the next 5 Super Bowls and visit @realdonaldtrump in the White House. Very cool!

@ryan_smith10: @realDonaldTrump for President!

@cerrabella: @realDonaldTrump China to build military base in Africa next to critical choke oil transport- zerohedge

Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!

People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They cant beat him on the field, so this!

Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!

They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesnt have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!

Governments first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.  President Ronald Reagan

Great shot by @KingJames yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure

Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. - Theodore Roosevelt

@KyndalBass  Thank you Jill, Marlon, &amp; all @TrumpChicago for the amazing &amp; personal service. #ChicagosBestHotel  #Trump2016  Thanks

@MrTonyRoberts1:  greatest country on earth, The United States of America need a strong leader just like you! You are the best

@justnise: @realDonaldTrump My man has never voted in an election said he would vote for Trump for President

@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump One of the Best speeches I have ever heard and it was clearly heartfelt!!  Thank you

@foxandfriends in 5 minutes

Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!

A great job by @RickieFowlerPGA in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!

How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!

@GuyScott33: @realDonaldTrump EXCELLENT SPEECH AT SC FREEDOM SUMMIT! YOU NEED TO RUN!

@xfile1986: @AdamSmith_USA run @realDonaldTrump run!!!

@Ashtonmartintmt: I stayed up to 4 am last night reading a @realDonaldTrump book !!  Great!

@Staton_Flurry: Looking forward to hearing @realDonaldTrump speak Saturday night in Iowa. See you there - record breaking crowd!

@jwpicciotto: @MarkHalperin @RealDonaldTrump pretty shotty math A- + C- = A-   Very dishonest reporting by Halperin. He knows - total scam!

Happy #MothersDay to all the great mothers out there!

@WKDojo: @realDonaldTrump just run Damnit......roll Trump roll....kickass

@Presidency2016: Dr Ben Carson @RealBenCarson will just need to sweat it out until Donald Trump leaves the White House on 20 January 2025

Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump SC Freedom Summit FULL Speech DJT

@MikeSington: Crowd goes wild for Trump at SC Summit! @SteveKingIA:Trumps in; I know hes in. His Scooby-Doo van:

@GOPJim_Davis: @realDonaldTrump Thoroughly enjoyed your speech in SC. Thanks Jim

@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump has been stimulating Cities all over the World Plowing through political BS his whole life. #Trump2016

@DRUDGE_REPORT: Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads

@foxandfriends: .@kilmeade takes a stroll with @realDonaldTrump

@hdfxdx01: @realDonaldTrump Are you announcing your run for president? You are Americas last hope! Stay tuned!

@therealTMac11: @NRA Non-hunters dont get it. The Hunting community raises over $2billion dollars annually for conservation. #googleit

@StephanieKrista: @realDonaldTrump THANK-YOU!!! I hope you are running for POTUS! Got my vote!

@therealTMac11: @florianooke @Toxmaster @NRA The Elephants in Zimbabwe are so abundant that they are devastating the National Forest

@therealTMac11: @florianooke @Toxmaster @NRA Bc the Elephants are so many, The Safari Club pays for water wells to keep them alive

@LynneLeach: @realDonaldTrump you can make U.S. great by running for POTUS! You have my vote a million times over

@laurenthomasx3: Excited to hear GOP candidates at the Freedom Summit today in Greenville, SC! See you soon @realDonaldTrump

My two sons, Eric &amp; Don, have long been expert hunters &amp; marksmen @NRA. They go on safaris &amp; give animals to the poor &amp; starving villagers!

@tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!

Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!

@JackPaalay: @realDonaldTrump The King of Turnberry! Fabulous! What an amazing place!

@johnny4a: Envision It: DonaldTrump is Prez, @ElonMusk sends ppl 2 Mars by @SpaceX and ppl drive his @TeslaMotors electric cars #Trump2016

@nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!

@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump #Bigger #Better #Stronger #Faster #Smarter #Richer #WINNER #Trump2016 @FoxNews @oreillyfactor @TheFive

@kittreantanner:More interviews, Mr Trump. The more you talk @ what you would do if president, the more people want to hear MORE from you

@vctr67: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump. Please run and save this country from going to hell. You got my vote. Thanks

Thank you @ASavageNation and keep up the great work!

Great job tonight @ericbolling

#TrumpAdvice

Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when its hard. When you do that you are passing the test. - @JoelOsteen

Ive dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted  transactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp; win!

Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner! @Patriots

A strong military makes us respected by our allies &amp; feared by our enemies. Lets Make America Great Again!

Via @fitsnews by Will Folks: THE DONALD REBUKES OBAMATRADE

Iowa hirings suggest Donald Trump serious about 2016 White House bid  via @WashTimes by @SethMcLaughlin1

Via @Newsmax_Media by Donald Trump: Dont Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority

Via @ArabianBusiness: @IvankaTrump eyes new projects in Abu Dhabi for Trump Organization

@Karentalk:  @foxandfriends @kilmeade WE KNOW YOU ARE A PATRIOT..WE ARE GRATEFUL FOR YOU..YOU LOVE AMERICA..AMERICA LOVES YOU

@OliverBooks: Best thing about this fight is randomn celeb sightings so far Tom Brady, Donald Trump, Justin Bieber   Big letdown fight!

@DRUDGE_REPORT: Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads

@Newsmax_Media: Donald Trump: Dont Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority

@foxandfriends: .@kilmeade takes a stroll with @realDonaldTrump

@kilmeade  It was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!

#TBT With my friend @muhammadali

Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. I will

I was the first &amp; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. Huckabee copied me

If I run, I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again!

@klo211 @foxandfriends @kilmeade @realDonaldTrump  Donald you keep saying you could fix this country! That would be great. Then run!!!

@jrondatampier: If Obama isnt able to solve Baltimores issue, no chance to solve Chinas &amp; OPECs abuses. The World asks for leadership!

@FiveStarMagazin: Trump Collection is planning hotels in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Doha and KSA #AHIC2015  @realDonaldTrump

@bjamin021: @foxandfriends @kilmeade 2016 @realDonaldTrump for President - YES!!!

@jillian2u2: @foxandfriends @kilmeade Id vote Trump,hes strong. He said, First Id build a Wall at border Fire Weaklings in DC too !

@joannepascal: @foxandfriends @kilmeade @realDonaldTrump #TheDonald HAS MY VOTE......PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT

The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!

@Moseph81: @CeIebHomes: Donald Trumps beach mansion is the biggest thing Ive ever seen   Another great deal!

@TOLEDOSNOW: You should run for president Mr. Trump! Youre a great man and I would love to see what you could do for the United States!

@Franklin_Graham:  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all

#TrumpAdvice

Via @DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: Donald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads: A Bad, Bad Deal

Via HT Politics

@AyrshireChamber: We got a look round the work being done at @TurnberryBuzz Looking great! #Ayrshire #Wellconnected

@ShalontaBowman: Without a doubt, donaldtrump is the most logical choice for President. Youd be the only competent candidate. We need you!

@PaleoBuilder: After I complete reading @Schwarzenegger autobiography I will read your book; Trump Never Give Up. Youre an inspiration !

@atmaxh: Please run @realDonaldTrump! With your toughness and business experience you can put this country back on track!  Very true

@NotNotTildaSwin: @realDonaldTrump Sir. With all dew respect, you OWE it to the American ppl to do ultimate SACRIFICE be the Man &amp; RUN

@michaelhenry123: .@KatiePavlich is trying hard but apparently DonaldTrump is not looking to engage. No idea who she is, sounds dumb!

@NickDallman: @realDonaldTrump Youre the most logical person I follow on Twitter!

@kristofer_clark: @realDonaldTrump Get into office and tell CONgress Youre fired! #trump2016 #timeforPROgress

@theJoannaRyan: @realDonaldTrump a mans children speak much of him. U have raised them well &amp; will represent us well. U will win. Thanks

@zrill: @realDonaldTrump just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest, will you run? #Trump2016  Watch

@DeanPreston76: Time for you to tell @BarackObama Youre fired!. #TrumpForPresident2016 We need someone who loves America in office!

@MasterBaxter8: I want to see a man thats not a career politician in office. America FORGOT what a great leader can do! #fixtheUSA

@cjwthefishermen: @realDonaldTrump I will

@DavidNYCT: @realDonaldTrump We will!

@tegodreaux: You didnt build an empire on Hope you built it on Hard work and dedication. Balancing budgets and making profits. RUN SIR !

@baberuth99: Weve got your back Mr. Trump! were not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do

@johnborntoride: @realDonaldTrump got my vote! Need a real leader n a business man! No more corrupt politicians

@VandaMan86: You have conquered so much in business. Your children will carry on your legacy. Now make America great again!!!#trump2016

@PamelaGeller is a total whack job who doesnt have a clue. Dont provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!

@ShalontaBowman: @realdonaldtrump You are my hero! I know you would be the greatest president to have ever set foot in office! Thank you

@FlyOSUBuckeye1:Really hoping you announce a 2016 run soon! @Ford building more factories in Mexico! #EatingOurLunch

@velvet2708: @realDonaldTrump @kristinkgl @megynkelly Ill vote for trump in a heart beat. Not a politician but a very smart man True

I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will   fight hard for victory if I do!

@RKornackiPSU: @realDonaldTrump See you Saturday in Greenville, SC to hear more! Great

@Draper33Paul: @realDonaldTrump I agree

@WWlood13: @realDonaldTrump for president!! Run and you got my vote

@ValetaSue57: @realDonaldTrump DT please get in the race for President

@kristinkgl: @megynkelly At this point Im voting for Trump! @realDonaldTrump Very smart!

Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory

@blissgal: @realDonaldTrump @BrielleZolciak Trump for President !!!!

@AaCeallaigh: Please run Mr Trump. @realDonaldTrump @AAcrowellt

@AAcrowellt:  @realDonaldTrump he is the best person for the job

@RUSHLvR1: RT  @AAcrowellt: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president im voting for you Great. I am dying for Donald to run and win#

@HaleighBrick: @realDonaldTrump See you on the 16th!  I look forward to seeing you!

@AAcrowellt: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president im voting for you Great

@tiaffo: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpWaikiki Yes... ALL the WIN!

Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland has been home to four of the greatest Open Championships in history

There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.  The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher

Follow @TrumpNH for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!

At the foot of Whitestone Bridge in the Bronx @TrumpFerryPoint offers  fantastic views of the Manhattan skyline

I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by @doryainteriors, just opened a new

Great story on @TrumpToronto in @globeandmail about our new Sky and Wellness Suites:

There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este, Uruguay, situated on the sands of Playa Brava

Our spa @TrumpSoHo gets a nice write-up in @DETAILS: #gotmilk

@puppyslug: @realDonaldTrump You will Save this country. No one can beat the stupdity bettor then you. YOU ARE THE MAN! #2016

@mindfreakeuropa: @realDonaldTrump @steveman905 I concur! Donald please run, the country needs you!

@mortimerzilch: @realDonaldTrump @steveman905 we dont know if Hil will get the Dem nomination. But Donald gives me hope

@steveman905: @realDonaldTrump You really need to commit to a presidential run. You can beat Clinton!  The only one that can!

What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really, be cool!

@HGswiney: Time for @realDonaldTrump to make his big announcement about how hes going to put this country back on track!! #Trump2016

@JoshGundle: @realDonaldTrump Time we had a real president who gets things done. Cheers to the JFK of the 21st century! #Trump2016 CUTE!

@tlfordxx: @AnnInquirer @realDonaldTrump ~~~Amen Ann

@meltsch: @realDonaldTrump @peenerad What a sad lineup the republicans have, most we never heard of . They have nothing to inspire us

@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump You have done an incredible job of building an empire in the country! #Trump2016 Thanks

@xoleahjackson: @realDonaldTrump SO true! Much love Donald!

@dcfoodsafety: Mr.Trump, I tell people I am voting for you. When are you gonna make the announcement so people will start believing? WATCH

The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART

@TheButteryOne: @realDonaldTrump Oh god. I agree with you

@colemandonna61: @realDonaldTrump SO TRUE DONALD !!!

@peenerad: @realDonaldTrump It needs to be done, Donald, these Republican GOP Candidates, just do not pass mustard. #Trump2016!!!!  True!

Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why  taunt, over and over again, in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB!

@_jacobsanders_: @realDonaldTrump cruising through downtown Chicago. Beautiful building!

@Stephanielk1: @realDonaldTrump please save our country!

@patmc454: DonaldTrump Quit lolly gagging! Announce youre running already! We need someone with a brain to be the leader of the free world

@vargo0515: I believe its going to take that kind of tenacity, &amp; business sense get, AMERICA back up, and politicians have done nothing!

#MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing-

With 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms, @TrumpSoHo offers a wide array of AAA Five Diamond luxury options

Thrilled to hear that @RakutenTravelJP has awarded @TrumpWaikiki the Rakuten Diamond Award for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!

Deportations are plummeting  while Obama continues to grant amnesty

If elected, I will undo all of Obamas executive orders. I will deliver. Lets Make America Great Again!

Looking forward to @David_Bossie &amp; @RepJeffDuncans @Citizens_United Freed Summit in Greenville, SC this Saturday!

Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in, not to give him fast track authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!

Via @washingtonposts @goingoutguide by @timcarman:  @gzchef open the National at the Old Post Office Pavilion

Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork and @TrumpToronto for the @WSJ coverage on perks in luxury hotels:

Our amazing golf course @TrumpScotland

@AliWilbur: @realdonaldtrump @robinrn Mr.Trump you can beat all candidates im sure of it. You must run @foxandfriends

@SFC17972: Hearing you is a great way to start the week! Country needs true leadership.Hope to see your name on the ballot!!@foxandfriends

@foxandfriends: Coming up at 7:35am/et, @realDonaldTrump joins us live!

@DavidSBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump will you still be on this hour @foxandfriends? Have been watching but nothing yet...  Yes, 7:30

@DdEeSsM: This planet would be a more prosperous and safe place if we had the awesome @realDonaldTrump in charge! #donaldforpresident

I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on @foxandfriends - Enjoy

@fackinpeter: Cant wait to hear what u say on fox and friends tomorrow. hope u talk about how lame #MayweatherPacquiao was #Trump2016

@gatorfan122752: @realDonaldTrump please run for president. We need you  Stay tuned

@JLaudner: Republicans are working so my generation can achieve their American Dream:  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@RobinRN: @realDonaldTrump What this country needs is unification &amp; direction, &amp; youre the one who can make it happen! Run, Mr. Trump, run

@tide_mann: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas 100% agreed!!

I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help, and fast. They are crumbling!

@DillonJQuinn: @realDonaldTrump HOW DO I SIGN UP TO BE A CAMPAIGN VOLUNTEER?!  You will be called!

@MarySmi59722224: @realDonaldTrump please run in 2016!!!

@hillarysusans: @tedageejr People dont like it when @realDonaldTrump is right. For whatever reason

@sparklebutt1947: @realDonaldTrump @Packerlegends yes and he WILL bring companies back to the US  True

Just got back from Las Vegas. @TrumpLasVegas Hotel was fantastic in every way, but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost?

@kerri59: @realDonaldTrump @ZGreekDWstyle please. For real this time. We need you. Do not worry

@NatashaOwnfan:  @RockinJoe1 For me, you are the only one that can do the job right, move the country forward &amp; bring about goodness  True

@BungWilliam: @realDonaldTrump if you dont run for president, i wouldnt vote! #Trumptforpresident Nice

@NatashaOwnfan: @realDonaldTrump @RockinJoe1 Just let me know when we can start calling you President Trump, OK I cant wait.  Watch

@ZGreekDWstyle: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president and save us from the fools.  Stay tuned!

@RULivingLife: I Agree.!! @realDonaldTrump Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken- Donald Trump #quote

@ScottFConroy: Kentucky Derby? More like Kentucky Losers! DonaldTrump is only horse in race that matters for America! Strong, fierce, noble

@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump @rjispy Yes- Trump wouldnt owe anyone anything. Important! So true!

@lancebagley1: Be Bold....,And Powerful Forces will come to your aid. But you know this, Trump Were waiting. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@rjispy:  @GOP @TeaPartyExpress @FoxNews @TeaPartyOrg -Other candidates need to kowtow to their billionaires, Trump does not have to

@NatashaOwnfan: @RockinJoe1 I cant wait to find out yes or no, Mr. Trump is so brilliant, great at business, he can run the countryThanks

@RockinJoe1: @realDonaldTrump your candidacy would hit the GOP like a wrecking ball! Total game changer  Stay tuned!

@TpGraf82: @realDonaldTrump has never rushed into anything! We will wait on you! #Trump2016

@puppyslug: DonaldTrump: Mayweather is gonna win just like YOU gonna win Presdidency 2016 you R both WINNERS who deliver KNOCKOUTS!

@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump knows what it takes to WIN, just like Floyd Mayweather. He is STRONGER &amp; will overcome the WEAK!! #Tump2016

@RockinJoe1: @realDonaldTrump Look Mr.Trump, you could have a lot of support but people dont really believe you will run. Just watch!

@AndMySpace: IM NOT SURE IF HES RUNNING BUT I LOVE THE WAY HE CAN TALK&amp;RUN A WELL OILED BUSINESSHE CAN SPEAK SO ALL KNOW WHATS WHAT!

@lancebagley1: @realDonaldTrump @RockinJoe1 @upsetNavyVet Its not conceited, its convinced. #Trump2016

@charleswhite816: @realDonaldTrump @chuckiscool trump is best thing to happen in golf since graphite. Everything 1st class.  Thanks!

@chuckiscool: I work for Bridgestone golf and was at 3 of ur NJ courses for demo days this week and wanted to say the courses were great!

@RockinJoe1: @upsetNavyVet @realDonaldTrump well at least the Donalds arrogance is warranted  So true, thanks!

@FloydMayweather  Good luck tonight Floyd

The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television

@rjispy:  @Sweettea2u Great! All @gop @TeaPartyExpress @TPPatriots @TeaPartyOrg should take the pledge not to vote unless Trump runs

Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs, jobs, jobs!

@Sweettea2u: @realDonaldTrump If you do not run for president, I am not voting. People need to stop playing games and get real

@calisunandsurf: @realDonaldTrump @Packerlegends Donald Trump would be an AWESOME president!

@SheriffClarke  Great insight  in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason, a real pro!

@CaseHoag: Just spotted Trump Tower in #Chicago. What a presence the building gives to the city! Props to @realDonaldTrump Thank you

@Packerlegends: @realDonaldTrump Trump would make a good president because he knows how to make money, not waste it. True

@pkellyshock: @realDonaldTrump if you dont run I wont vote

@TonyInOkla2015: @realDonaldTrump @gen_yvette @markus_42 No more RINOs and fence sitters. We want Donald Trump for president !!!!!!

@BrendelFred: @realDonaldTrump @pam_rugan coolest building in Chicago. Didnt think that was possible. Trump run for Prez, plz

@realDonaldTrump  Im an activist, so Im used 2 that &amp; I always applaud interest,but the people I know admire Trump  Thank you, nice

@ColetonEmr: Really enjoyed hearing you speak yesterday. Thanks for coming to the Woodlands! :)  @realDonaldTrump Thanks

Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT! @GolfDigest  @GolfweekMag @GolfChannel @ESPNGolf

@canoetravel  Also, the very obsolete, ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works. @GolfChannel

@canoetravel: Plans for wind farm dropped at @realDonaldTrumps #Scotland golf resort:  #travel #golf  Great news!

@LydiaNeu: @realDonaldTrump enjoying lunch at Trump Tower Grill. Your building is fantastic

@pam_rugani: My hubby just spent a couple days here for a conference. He said it was incredible! Heres his pic!

@Robby_Moreira: @realDonaldTrump If you became President we would immigrate to the United States of America. For sure! Nice

@laurenthomasx3: @realDonaldTrump I cant wait for your visit to Greenville, SC May 9th!! Should be a fantastic event.  Great

@gen_yvette: @markus_42  Id vote for him if he were our candidate. Id go door-to-do for him, too. Id feel safe with him as President

@albo9:  @gen_yvette Run Run what are you waiting for? Lots of support out here in york, pa. Willing to set up shop here for you

Beautiful, thank you

@SlimShiny82: Never been more excited for a potential candidate as I am with DonaldTrump He is the only person who can beat HillaryClinton

@StadiumJourney: Take a look at our review of Trump National Doral Miami, home of the @CadillacChamp  @TrumpDoral

@jorgey1_1985: @realDonaldTrump if you dont run then HilaryClinton Will WIN and become president, no good candidates on republicans side

@gen_yvette: @realDonaldTrump Run, Mr. Trump, run!

@sandersandrew: @realDonaldTrump Donald, you have to do it. Its the only way to save this once great nation

Trump: Very much inclined to enter GOP White House race  via @McClatchyDC by @LightmanDavid

Thanks!

Thank you

Via @DMRegister by @AP: Donald Trump talks economy with Republicans in Davenport

Via @ConroeCourier by @StephenGreen91:Trump talks 2016 run, jobs at @TXPatriotsPAC

My @KWWL int. from @WartburgCollege discussing how politicians have failed us &amp; Making America Great Again!

Via @qctimes by @EdTibbetts: Trump: U.S. getting beat up

Whether you think you can or think you cant, youre right. -- Henry Ford

Entrepreneurs: Dont tread water. Get out there and go for it

Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, its a beginning

If the working, proud and productive people of our country dont start exerting their authority and views, the U.S. as we know it is doomed!

Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street, naked. Why no riots here?

Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and its still a total mess. Leadership is needed, not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell!

@AmadorServer: DonaldTrump, get in the race and shut down the opposition. Im ready for America to be great AGAIN. #makeamericagreatagain

@robertpatrick @FoxBusiness saying the day Trump declares Mike Wallace will take him seriously. You mean Chris, Mike was his great father

@CGasparino  Good seeing you. Keep up the great work, never stop!

@fabeshai: @CBSNews DonaldTrump the field looks very beatable for Hillary, Donald should get in the race. He is a true Reagan republican

@yanicsimard:  @realDonaldTrump &amp; @TrumpToronto for the retweet, love your properties and looking forward to your Washington DC new hotel

@ThrillistChi named @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago one of the best value Michelin-starred restaurants in Chicago

Congrats @TrumpWaikiki for winning @AmericanExpress Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014  award!

@BJKizer74: You should run as an independent and kick Hiliarys ass &amp; the wussy Democratic Republicans too! Just say no to RINOs!

@KeepCalmBC:  @TheView is a pitiful shell of its former self! ALL NEW hosts are needed! Just cancel it &amp; put it &amp; us out of our misery!

@KillingTime2015: @realDonaldTrump @NicolleDWallace @TheView clean house  Not W.G

@j_middleton7: @realDonaldTrump please get in the drivers seat of this country!

@WeWantMitt2016: Like a kid waiting for Christmas morning,were awaiting your announcement in June or July. #Trump

@Gmandunkley: @realDonaldTrump Hi Donald, spare a thought for little old guy here. I love your hair and wish I had the same. GREAT!

@NicolleDWallace is really hurting @TheView. She is boring, predictable and has zero television it - show no longer has ratings, dying!

@615realjg: Donald Trump Is The Only Man That Understands Life Right Now Thank you

@markpryceagee: I believe Donald Trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the Republican Party. #Trump16 I do also!

@ghostlyprep: @realDonaldTrump is amazing  you can tell me hes not when youre as successful as him

@circuspony2: @realDonaldTrump Did you see all the whites that were robbed &amp; assaulted during the riots, Mr President? #Trump2016

I have been a guest on The View many times when it was  successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!

They now say using the word thug is, like so many other words, not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL!

@SAlmashaifari: Donald Trump All American Billionaire FULL  via @YouTube  Wow, so nice - thank you!

@1MuskyHunter: @realDonaldTrump we need your leadership in this country now, please enter the prez ring

@StaceyLambright: I had the pleasure of meeting @realDonaldTrump and hearing him speak a few times. We need to see him on the 2016 ballot!

@Djscotter: @IowaGOPer @realDonaldTrump Thank YOU Donald J. Trump for your thoughtfulness

@DrJackFriedman: Im so glad you are in it to win it. America needs to turn a profit. Enough with clueless, corrupt, bonehead politicians

@KAWSTEEL: @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump @BrendaRigney just home from awesome buddies trip to #trumpdoral! Great job Thanks!

Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with @TrumpLasVegas!

Thank you @TrumpSoHo @TrumpNewYork for helping me celebrate #agreatcause @MarineCorpsLEF while accepting the Commandants Leadership award!

Met a big fan today!

@RutNastiti: Meet your #1 fan from Waverly, IA: Shay Doyle.He looks up to you &amp; hopes to be the next Trump

@RichardIrace  @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Great property!  We had an amazing conference here last week! Thanks

I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People dont want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!

@MLawts12: If @realDonaldTrump doesnt run in 2016 the country is screwed I agree!

@LynusCantwell: The world is laughing. Obama is a joke. No Hillary the sequel. Run Donald please. We need no nonsense leadership

@jtruelove713: If @realDonaldTrump runs for President I will VOTE for the First time ever. Until then

I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?

Hopefully there wont be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for!

The best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader

President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it

Our country has to come together. We have to start working with, and really liking,  each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore

@Vanderpunked: Can we drop @realDonaldTrump off in the middle of #Baltimore so he can show Obama how its done? I would fix it fast!

The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters space to destroy - another real genius!

Now that the ineffective Baltimore  Police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?

Our great African American President hasnt exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!

Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!

Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped

#TrumpAdvice

@Eileenkelly14 @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  For those saying its not crowded, you didnt see the people on the balcony and crowded outside

Via @bostonherald by @ChrisCassidy_BH: Trump: `The last thing we need is another Bush

@woofeous @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  Business leaders such as Donald could easily teach students more in one-hour than in any semester

My @msnbc int w/ @krystalball at #WHCD on my 2016 timetable, saving Social Security &amp; Making America Great Again!

@BackOnTrackUSA @realDonaldTrump @PageSix @Mohris Semper Fi Donald !!!!

ICYMI, via @PageSix by @Mohris: Donald Trump honored at Marine Corps charity gala

Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! #SheldonAdelson

@haroldrschmidt: @realDonaldTrump @AndyBran @foxandfriends yep when guns are outlawed only outlaws have guns

@ceovince: Theres only one person that can make this country what it once was... and that person is @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP #Champion

@spirtualhappy: First thing I see when I log unto twitter is @realDonaldTrump #goodmorning trumpy Great

@mrsabh: @realDonaldTrump well...you would have the hottest First Lady ever. #Godspeed sir

@dusty_radio: @realDonaldTrump U wouldnt leave Americans alone the way O has. I anxiously await your decision!

@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump Thank you! Such a small thing but you make my Day! God Bless you Mr Trump! @foxandfriends

@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump The one who will put American first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness

@jelliottkelley: @realDonaldTrump coming to the SC Freedom Summit!! This event keeps getting better @RepJeffDuncan

@NH1News: .@realDonaldTrump is coming to NH1 News HQ! Have questions? Reply, let us know, 5pm on @WBINTV #nhpolitics #FITN

@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Bless you Sir safe trip!!! Thanks

@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends listening...good interview!

@chingaling3: @realDonaldTrump Praying for you, the Mexico situation and your decision to run for President May God guide you

@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump You always make Mondays better!! Keep telling the Truth and giving us Hope!! Thanks

@blayne_troy: @foxandfriends   Mr. Trump calls it like it is. HRC should be investigated, prosecuted and put in federal prison

@AndyBran: @foxandfriends all of the Clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? No agency tracks this type of theft?Out of control

@TalismanJohnnyA: @realDonaldTrump great segment again today D...great way to start the Monday! @foxandfriends

@jodi_mae: @realDonaldTrump If you run for president, You would receive my vote!

Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends  at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!

@artfIopz: Top 10 Celebrities Taking DC By Storm This Weekend:What do Donald Trump, model Chrissy Tiegen and Bradley Cooper have in common?

I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight on @FoxNews - Enjoy!

@_Sierra03_: Really hope @realDonaldTrump decides to run for president. Would love for my first time voting for president to be for him

@petemsgt1787: @realDonaldTrump I get why you dont like Goldberg...self-righteous word smithy True, but with zero talent. @NRO

I dont know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!

@PennyPritzker Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - thats where China and others are beating us. Best!

@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump To fix America requires SUPERMAN but there is ONE BETTER -  DJT  We must MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@NRO  Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice!

@Jackson_Tweets: @realDonaldTrump you will cream Hillary Clinton in a debate! I create jobs and build, but should be able to do just fine!

@ravgames: .@realDonaldTrump Serious question, Mr. Trump: Why dont you like @JonahNRO? Because he is not good at what he does-@NRO dying

@gmbaku: @realDonaldTrump @littlevd23 @TSRowan Plus fabulous, fantastic, great and tenacious. Love those words

@DoreenHunns: @realDonaldTrump We need you in the White House. Straighten out all the mess. Set them straight.  Watch

@injebbin: Driving thru major world cities &amp; seeing ur name as a brand on spectacular buildings! Trump won in life

@littlevd23: @realDonaldTrump @TSRowan The word spectacular, magnificent and amazing describe anything Mr.Trump puts his name on!

@NRO  Not much is as dead or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg, a total loser! Get some real talent or fold!

@bean1227: @realDonaldTrump When are you announcing run #PresidentTrump !? Stay tuned!

@JGibson271985: @realDonaldTrump @TSRowan I will give you that. Brilliant buildings in the Trump empire. Thank you!

@FuturisticUFO: Are you like another Ross Perot? @RealDonaldTrump @CNN Bigger, better, stronger and richer!

@Patriotress: @realDonaldTrump @316Place @PGA_com #Trump2016

@PCS1776: @realDonaldTrump &lt;---- The thinking mans Chris Christie. Tells it truly. Run. Win

@WeWantMitt2016: The last person a foreign leader would want to sit across the negotiating table from. Good for us. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@WayneDupreeShow  A fantastic guy!

@316Place: @realDonaldTrump @PGA_com changes at Turnberry makes me want to learn golf. Beautiful! Thank you, it will be even more amazing!

@JamesDriscolli: Awesome entrepreneurial advice from @realDonaldTrump #TrumpAdvice. Thats how Greats are made

Congratulations to @DanaPerino on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!

How do you take care of our people if you dont make anything? We dont make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc

@Hurry2live: #37years @realDonaldTrump finished building of 68-story  skyscraper, Trump Tower, in New York. More facts in @Hurry2Live app

@PGA_com: Check out this amazing video of DonaldTrumps proposed changes to Turnberry:

@AndrePretorius: @realDonaldTrump I am #SouthAfrican and I can say, you are 100% correct. Lately we are starting to live in fear. #notgood

#TrumpAdvice

@ccarlen @realDonaldTrump get that Exploratory Committee to get some bumper stickers out to me! So nice, thank you

Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia

Congrats to great golfer @Frostpga on his big win last week. Always been best putter. Frost Wins for Trump

A beautiful article by @IvankaTrump on my newly opened golf course in NYC, Trump Links Ferry Point

@britanniagolf  Love the proposed changes for Trump Turnberrys Ailsa Course @realDonaldTrump Thanks. It will be fantastic!

@FuturisticHub: @realDonaldTrump DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES! MAKE IT HAPPEN!

@thembazoko1: @realDonaldTrump: get Commandants Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines yesterday at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!

@ChadWeiske: @realDonaldTrump #4prez

@daveyhubb: @realDonaldTrump @la_loquita rescue our country

@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump  Your new DC hotel sign should say future hotel of our next president! #Trump2016

@rmutt_17: @realDonaldTrump @la_loquita All we need is TRUMP to fix the cuntry!! #trumpisawesome #trumpcard #capitalism

@TheAlexanderW_:I think your sign would look just as good on the White House as it does on Trump Chicago. #Trump2016

@la_loquita: @realDonaldTrump working hard daily, and waiting for when you announce that youre going to make a run to rescue our country!!

@johnhawkinsrwn  Great speaking to you today, we will speak again soon

@MaxMacGruder: The man who wouldve kept us right years ago, the man who will put us right in the future. The ONLY real choice. #Trump2016

@HargraveGlobal: The world needs a leader like @realDonaldTrump !  Thanks

@JeremyManning36: @realDonaldTrump when do I get my #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016 #presskit #yardsigns Cute, stay tuned

@hansel_amarilla: As long as youre going to be thinking anyway, think big. Donald Trump, The Trump Organization President

@BillyMoeder: @realDonaldTrump is the only man who can get the job done in the Oval Office #Trump2016  I agree, thanks

@Barbie_Brooks: an entrepreneurs ability to find strength when others want to run, hide, quit... @realDonaldTrump

@JarrettMKorn: All faith in the world that @realDonaldTrump is the answer for America, come 2016 is a new beginning! #donaldtrump2016

@AP_Politics: Campaigning in New Hampshire, Hillary Clinton says the US economy has stalled out

@apageor2  Very good, must be tough!

@sragens: @realDonaldTrump on my 2nd trip to Chicago, love your sign on Trump towers!!

#TBT With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy!

Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.  Michael Jordan @Jumpman23

It is time for DC to protect the American worker, not grant amnesty to illegals. Lets Make America Great Again!

@twincity1982  @realDonaldTrump Please run for President, sir- America needs your leadership !!

Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party

Fact  while Jeb was governor &amp; Rubio was House Majority Leader, Floridas debt more than doubled. Conservatives?

Via @baltimoresun by @ErinatTheSun: Maryland GOP book Trump for major fundraiser

Via @thehill by @HenschOnTheHill: Trump says US roads are falling apart

Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!

Trump signs lease for a NH office, returns Monday  via  @UnionLeader by @tuohy

@GeraldoRivera Thanks, my champion Geraldo--and very true

@ForbesInspector 5 Star &amp; @TripAdvisor #1 Luxury Hotel @TrumpToronto offers style, luxury &amp; impeccable service

@AMOakabr: DonaldTrump this country needs you to run... need to teach people what the American Dream is again! Ronald Reagan reincarnated!

@necprof: @NewEngCollege is excited to host DonaldTrump for a town hall meeting on Monday at 3 pm.  #fitn #nhpolitics

@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump No doubt you would fix our country if you ran for president..do us all a favor please! #Trump2016

@rightjj: @realDonaldTrump: Ive to say that youre making sense in a lot of things especially on China! Nobody else dares to raise it!

@rightjj;: Should definitely include you in the polls! Why exclude someone with real life experiences in running things successfully?

@beauty_dhope: @realDonaldTrump you would be phenomenal in office,I am truly a big fan of what you stand for. Thank you

@UsuallyBogey: Without @realDonaldTrump we will be stuck with Hilary Clinton. #Trump2016 I agree

@BigBrett45: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump your the Man!! Please run we need you!! Watch

Do you notice that the polling establishment doesnt put me in polls, but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

@SoarMich: @realDonaldTrump @Ex369PPD people can say what they want about Donald, but he is trustworthy #truth Thank you

@lorry_bennetti: @realDonaldTrump China has been laughing at the WRLD for a long time &amp; will continue to do so!

@Ex369PPD  Thank you!

@hep102309: We need a real man in Washington, with real policies and a firm grip on foreign issues. Please restore America#Trump2016

@IanArnold: So @realDonaldTrump has an amazing hotel here in Vegas. Blessed to stay here

@BestPhotosEver: You need to run for Pres. You would restore greatness to America, and have the ability to make a difference. #Trump2016

@Politicalhit: @realDonaldTrump cant wait for your official announcement that you are running #POTUS2016 Go Trump Go

What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - its the size of the fight in the dog. - Dwight D. Eisenhower

China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us

The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it

Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector

The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on Americas business. It does not  stop Japans currency manipulation. This is a bad deal

No amnesty. Protect the rule of law! Lets Make America Great Again

I want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS!

@ChrisCJackson: @realDonaldTrump YOUR book OPENED my eyes. I Stand wIth Sr. Trump! AmerIca Needs You to run!

@RDVarley: @realDonaldTrump @BretBaier congratulations. You area true patriot!

@ellemae63: @realDonaldTrump no surprise! You are the man! Thank you!

@Bane1349: @realDonaldTrump Cant wait til you enter the race Mr. Trump. Wait till the Fall after the others have beaten themselves up

@warrencasselljr: Just saw Trumps new video. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump 2016 will be interesting.  WATCH ALL! @BretBaier

Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetTough

Im getting The Commandants Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!  @BretBaier

@rwerhle: @JonahNRO @realDonaldTrump @NRO Hes a brilliant businessman - VERY TRUE!

Via @KingwoodNews by @JayRJordan:: @TXPatriotsPAC gives public a chance to hear Trump speak

Via @GolfMonthly by @jake0reilly: Trump to build five new holes at @TurnberryBuzz

Looking forward to keynoting @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Ailsa Course changes: #TrumpTurnberry What a beautiful place!

@JonahNRO  You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard!  @NRO

@hillarysusans: Getting ready for next week with @realDonaldTrump on Monday. @NHGOP @FoxNews

@thehill: Trump: If I decide to run and win, I will make this country great again  #FITN

@rickyricardo722: @realDonaldTrump Id work like a dog to help Trump get elected, no politician can fix the mess in Washington. #Trump2016

@NRO @JonahNRO  Wow, just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast, doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!

@AndrewWilkie85: @realDonaldTrump @smxtty_ I think that you would be as good as Reagan. Please run!!!

@y2ej72: @realDonaldTrump #VOTEFORTRUMP

@WSGbeme: @realDonaldTrump Im with these great people Mr Trump. Please run for President. We need a completely new direction. #Trump2016

@SteveSGoddard: @smxtty_ It would be very frightening to have president who has actually accomplished something during their life,

@Mr_president706: @realDonaldTrump please run for president, and show these so called Republicans how to get the job done

@sam_tucker17: You would be the best president. Youre political critiques are always on the money. You are way better than Hillary!

@Olivianuzzi: @realDonaldTrump you are amazing

@JohnMarkowitz: @realDonaldTrump you are damn good

@faktmeister: U r 1000% correct, Politicians cant fix problems Politicians made. The Executive Branch needs a real Chief Executive. Run!

@themightylayman: Dear @realDonaldTrump: You are the most admired man in the world and everybody hopes you run for President

@scapesrus: @realDonaldTrump @smxtty_ U would make a damn good one

@smxtty_: Donald trump would be the greatest president Thank you

The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that Im the only Repub who wont cut Social Security, etc. Ill make America rich again!

Im a conservative, but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other, whereas liberals unite to win

With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses tweeting like a 14 year old girl to hit me, no wonder the NRO is doing so poorly. @JonahNRO

People have been forced to resign positions for far less than @JonahNROs tweeting like a 14 year old girl

@JonahNRO You stated that I started relentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl...  Horrible insult to women. Resign now or later!

When you cant make them see the light, make them feel the heat.  Ronald Reagan

#TrumpVlog Trouble in paradise for Clintons-

Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?

Government can be efficient with the right leadership. Lets Make America Great Again

@RonnieWNichol Just viewed the video of the changes to @TurnberryBuzz. An already stunning course will now be even more spectacular

Via @ConcordNHPatch by @politizine: Trump: Well Make America Great Again

ICYMI, my speech from this past Saturday at the @NHGOP @FITNsummit via @cspan

Wow, Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble, but dont worry, my fellow Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk, no action

Via  Interview with Donald Trump about Presidential Aspirations: Its all a deal

I guess @edshow is a lot smarter than dopes like @JonahNRO &amp; @stephenfhayes. Oh well, both mags are dying anyway

Wow, really nice, and unexpected, from Ed Schultz. Thank you, Ed! @edshow

@DanaPerino wrote a wonderful book, And the Good News is..  Dana has a fabulous perspective on life &amp; politicsgo get it!

Glad to see that @PeteRose_14 has been hired by @FOXSports as an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame!

Via @thehill by @HenschOnTheHill: Trump: Im disappointed in many Republicans

@MSJACKIEWOW: @realDonaldTrump NOBODY TRUMPS TRUMP WHEN IT COMES TO TWEETS...HOLY SH@T UR THE TWEET MASTER...GREAT JOB

@dalasner: @realDonaldTrump I am honored, if you are in I am leaving being a furniture magnate and all in, campaigning for the BEST

@IToldYouMonsoon: @realDonaldTrump @JonahNRO @NRO @BretBaier why does @greta put you on hers? Because I get great ratings-and other reasons

@dalasner: Ed Schultz just extolled your business savvy, maybe there is hope for MSNBC! Be careful if Sharpton endorses you, Boss!

@stephenfhayes: I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just dont  have what it takes! @JoeNBC

@1smltwngrl: @realDonaldTrump Make some heads roll. Run for president dammit!

@Slider6294:@NRO @JonahNRO To be fair, impossible to fill those shoes. But consistent conservative principles would be a start! I agree!

@ronbrown1970: @realDonaldTrump @EastonWestwood @JonahNRO @stephenfhayes I model my management by Mr Trump. Consistent is everything

@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump i spoke to my cousins in NH they said their whole town is talking about your great speech #Trump2016 Thanks

@rennie022164: @EastonWestwood @JonahNRO @stephenfhayes Im thinking a businessman like Trump is the only one who can fix this mess! True!

@Brooke_Burton_: @realDonaldTrump Why dont you just run for President?! You would have my vote!!

@Slider6294: @realDonaldTrump @NRO @JonahNRO It has cratered since WFB passed away. So true, WFB is spinning in his grave! Jonah killed it

@EastonWestwood: Its PATHETIC for @JonahNRO &amp; @stephenfhayes to bash @realDonaldTrump as non-serious! Talkers bashing a successful doer!

National Review @NRO may  be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by @JonahNRO. No talent means death - sad!

@megynkelly   Sorry, there was only one breakout star this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media!

Jonah Goldberg @JonahNRO of the once great @NRO #National Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does  @BretBaier put this dummy on his show?

As I have long been saying, South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather)

@suttera2: @realDonaldTrump Theyll repay us by giving us higher gas prices! True!

@jwt19723: @realDonaldTrump You need to Run For President

@woody021072: @realDonaldTrump  Nothing,  as they always do

@scapesrus: @realDonaldTrump Tell um to get out the check book Donald  Believe me, I would!

@scapesrus: @realDonaldTrump Tell um to get out the check book Donald

@ali_khalil7: @realDonaldTrump We need you as president Mr.Trump, A leader that knows what to do! Agree

We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isnt this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!

We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran &amp; others-sending ships.  How much are they going to pay us toward this protection

@alexseeley73 @TrumpSoHo just leaving after 4 days and I must say it was amazing. Thank u for your attention to details. Great, thank you

Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles will be the host in October for the @PGAGrandSlam

@SkyGlideUSA  One of the most elegant and amazing hotels in Vegas. #thetrump hotel. Our company loved it there.@realDonaldTrump Thank you

@ScottUdine @realDonaldTrump @TrumpSoHo Terrific hotel and amazing staff!!! The best, by far in NYC....  Thanks

Congratulations to @TrumpSoHo for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!

Congratulations to @TrumpWaikiki for being selected as Best of +VIP Access 2014 by @Expedia!

@weeklystandard  I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than @stephenfhayes

Thank you @JeffJlpa1 and @AmSpec for the wonderful and very true article, Total Desperation on Iran

How does failed writer and pundit like @stephenfhayes, with no success and little talent, get away with criticizing candidates

So much dishonest reporting (or non-reporting) in political mediaan amazing experience for me. @BretBaier

@BenjaminHowling: Donald, our prince! (Daniel 12:1) Don would rather someone else stand up for our people, but they will not, so he will

@sven945: .@realDonaldTrump Forget running for president, why dont you run to be an MP here in Scotland!

@dryan5962: When we need hope @realDonaldTrump is just the person there to give it...#Trump2016 @foxandfriends True!

@ddobbs5253: @realDonaldTrump our country needs you to run for President and save our country. Make Us Great Again!!!!

@moose_taz: @foxandfriends thinking @realDonaldTrump might be what this country needs a change from career politicians

@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends As always Great Job Mr Trump!! Truth we all need to hear it! You gave us Hope!! We need it now!!

@robertpatrickmc: You should declare you candidacy on #gdny with @rosannascotto and @gregkellyfox5 and just go all out campaigning

@Doctor_Platek: Come June/July, @realDonaldTrump will take the first step in the process of making America great again! #Trump2016

@hitwit_subroto: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends And I will be watching with great interest

@kenbu1: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Please run for President @realDonaldTrump

@000HermanSJr000: You always do a #fantastic job @realDonaldTrump. You are indeed a #businessman &amp; #magnate to #emulate

@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Always watch Mr Trump Keep speaking the truth! Lets Get Our America Back! You Will Do It! God Bless!!

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics

@JetRanger69: @TrumpChicago @realDonaldTrump #MASTERPIECE #CHICAGO

@amir_ibrahim26: @realDonaldTrump I think u should run for president all small business here in Memphis the closing down because of tax

@lizboyle98: I think @realDonaldTrump would be a perfect president of our country if he just made sure to pay attention to the middle class

@AndrewVaccari: @realDonaldTrump You are an inspiration! Best wishes from across the pond! Thanks

@hillarysusans: @daveyh @realDonaldTrump Way more substance than you know. Best negotiator in the world. Iran wouldnt get nukes for sure

@kgregoryy: @realDonaldTrump are you ever going to announce your bid or is this a 2012 replay? Big fan, but tired of waiting. Stay tuned!

@ToddRiddolls: @realDonaldTrump I believe if you run , you would win hands down! .... But, The expectations of you would be enormous

@RedzuanRasul: @realDonaldTrump, inspired others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you always are the leader. Nice

@agpt73: @realDonaldTrump His books have helped me become who i am today.  Great

@TFalomir: MR @realDonaldTrump You are an example of how to do what he wants. Thank you

@hmackie11: @realDonaldTrump Melania as First Lady.. Shell go down in history as the most gorgeous First Lady EVER  TRUE!

@WeWantMitt2016: W/finance &amp;#negotiation skills like no one else,Trump would restore credibility to the presidency

@gochico: @realDonaldTrump @hillarysusans @GOP I dont think they are discounting Trump. He hasnt said if he is running yet

@hillarysusans: @daveyhubb DonaldTrump @GOP Hes very easy to relate to in person. If he takes the grass roots route, he has a great chance

@discjocke52: If the 2016 #GOP presidential field is so deep, why is DonaldTrump beating so many of their stars?

@hillarysusans: We have a great field of diverse candidates for @GOP. Media needs to stop discounting @realDonaldTrump He rocked #FITN

@JWysocki91: @realDonaldTrump I just finished TIME TO GET TOUGH. Great read! #Trump2016 Thank you

@charlesfowler: @realDonaldTrump brings great debate and ideas to the #GOP campaign, RUN DONALD RUN!!!

@CityBlindsMIB: @realDonaldTrump With Mr Trump as top man in the World, Everyone would shake hands and listen to the man!! true leadership

@BenjaminSakhai: @realDonaldTrump Big changes in 2016? You better be running for presidency! #Trump2016 #trumpforpresident

@JSongseeker: @realDonaldTrump Please run Mr Trump

@drvanderbloomen: @realDonaldTrump --You may be our last hope

@PopularPosters: @realDonaldTrump you are the only man running for president that knows how to handle the job

@MJVictory:  Hi DT! I heard you on Imus &amp; you spoke w/clarity &amp; purpose. Youre right, its not a game, its dire straits. PLEASE RUN!

@charlesfowler: We need a broader field and candidates who are not professional politicians, you would be a breath of fresh air #GOP

@PopularPosters: Our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth

@HarvardLaw99: @realDonaldTrump @CaudillAsh Announce youre running when youre comfortable with the timing. Great

@CaudillAsh: @realDonaldTrump hurry up and announce that youre running already!  #2016

@Alex_Boxwell: Just announce already @realDonaldTrump Stay tuned

@littlevd23: @realDonaldTrump Like the Nike Ad says Mr.Trump JUST DO IT! Run for President and give America what it needs..A true leader!

@Michael_Haz: Watched replay of D.T. speaking in Nashua today. He was dead on the mark in terms of creating jobs, managing foreign policy

@AlfredoeOrtega: Outstanding speech at the Republican Leadership Summit, Mr. @realDonaldTrump Thank you

@hillarysusans: @realDonaldTrump You rocked both events. The @washingtonpost knows it too!! Thank you for a great brunch and a great talk!!

@jaazee1: @RealDonaldTrump My family was so damn excited when you seemed serious about the Presidency. in past

@Bigbillyp1970: YES-YES-YES @realDonaldTrump *2016-2016-2016*

@HarperArchitect: @realDonaldTrump good talk watched on c-span, intelligence.  Thanks

@bluebirdiefly3: @realDonaldTrump Id vote for you. I always felt you should run

@S_C_mclane: @realDonaldTrump I would vote an infinite number of times for my man Trump! #Trump2016

@darbywelch: @realDonaldTrump #donaldtrump2016

@kingkript: @realDonaldTrump @stephenfhayes trump for president

@bella270012:DonaldTrump The next man in Office is going to have one heck of a mess to clean up..I think youre the only one who can do it

@TheBillyRobbins: @realDonaldTrump Run Donald Run....Donald Trump 2016

@tavbta: Thank you!! @realDonaldTrump really amazing

@stephenfhayes: Trump: I have made a fortune against China.I know all of the killers on Wall Street. Trump v China? China has no chance!

@stephenfhayes: Trump, on others who have spoken to #FITN in New Hampshire: With all the people youre listening to, you can forget it

@SeddhmB: @realDonaldTrump i believe you have been called to take us to another level of prosperity and bring the American Dream back!

@BoyerNick15: @realDonaldTrump 2016 will hopefully be the year of the Donald!   Thanks

@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump they loved you there #NHforTrump #Trump2016 Thanks!

@landotalley50: @realDonaldTrump Answer the call,,just do it,,America needs you,,RUN!!!! Stay tuned!

@meltsch: @realDonaldTrump Good make a decision, are you running or not , we want you , but only you know if you want us . Watch

@DNorrell: @stephenfhayes reform DC? haha joke. Only one close 2 being able to do that is Trump. @realDonaldTrump

@susanhoffman24: @realDonaldTrump obviously!! #weneedyou #Trump2016

@RM_MMBtuGirl: @realDonaldTrump isnt it refreshing?! Theres hope. Keep up the good work

@MagicMan121: @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump are u going to run for 2016 presidency?. I hope so..!

@ltodd14: @realDonaldTrump When are you announcing?

Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A

@FreedomsPatriot: @P4tR10tBoo @souperfan2012 @souperfan2013 @wolfman708 @dryheat115 Mr. @realDonaldTrump made &amp; impression

For all of the haters and losers out there sorry, I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people!

@jjblasvegas: @realDonaldTrump one word to describe @JordanSpieth Donald?  Quality!

@RealJesus33: Hey @espn, call @realDonaldTrump to handle your @BrittMcHenry situation. #firebrittmchenry  To harsh

@Sebastian_Rey10: @CNBC: Ford is planning a $2,500,000,000 investment @realDonaldTrump in MEXICO!!!!  The U.S. is getting killed!

@DrHardick: .@realDonaldTrump @MLeitzmann @TrumpTowerNY love love love that wall. Memories forever! #architecture #nyc

@dmanhomee: I support DonaldTrump 100% for 2016! He is the only candidate that will return this country to the great country it once was!

@so_jason19: @realDonaldTrump @georgewillf Trump for president.George Will doesnt know business or what this young generation cares about

@BizMotivationTV: Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN! @realDonaldTrump #quote

@georgewillf is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust!

@BretBaier: Tonight on the #SpecialReport panel we have @georgewillf, @ron_fournier and @JonahNRO. What a group of losers on your panel!

@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump Run for president please! #Trump2016

@lmp999: @realDonaldTrump George  Will you retire  Please

@MLeitzmann: One of the 1st (&amp; best) sites when 1st coming to the US @TrumpTowerNY Inspiration @realDonaldTrump

@ccrealty2: Friendship can be really tested only in bad times ~ Donald Trump #quotes #realestate #homes #blog #buyingtips

I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully, nobody does it better. Theres a beauty to making a great deal. Its my canvas

@CNBC: 5 family values Donald Trump used to build his empire

@BretBaier: Dont miss the 2nd half of my interview with @realDonaldTrump over on the blog:  #FNPolitics

@BretBaier   Why do you have George Will on your show - hes exhausted, boring and not even a little relevant! Waste of good air-time!

Looking forward to speaking at 1:30PM tomorrow in Nashua at @NHGOP @FITNsummit!. Lets Make America Great Again! #FITN

For America to be strong again, the ways of politicians must be put in the past. Lets Make America Great Again!

Via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1: Exclusive: Trump Says Obama Shows Total Desperation on Iran

My @FoxBusiness int. w/Don Imus on not drinking alcohol, politicians being all talk and no action &amp; the border

ISIS is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our Southern border  We need a wall. Deduct costs from Mexico!

The Republicans are funding ObamaCare and Amnesty. Obama beats them

@dennismurino: @realDonaldTrump every Americans dream #trump2016

@bridgetmarie89: Out of ALL the politicians in Washington, not ONE can #savesaeed imprisoned and tortured in #Iran for being a Christian

@PALoeza: @realDonaldTrump America needs YOU. #trumpforpresident

@bryt1330: I get into so many arguments over #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump but I think he could ACTUALLY change this county for the better

@grizzlybear9062: DonaldTrump @L3nny85 Please run Mr.Trump the U.S . been going downhill since 9/11 we can be great again please be 100% in

@Kakatshozi: Ivanka Trump would be the cutest first daughter in US history if DonaldTrump became president! Elegant,classy and adorable

@Lexie_Chadss: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016

@M_Foresta: @realDonaldTrump Id think you make a great President but I would really miss #TheApprentice. Been a fan since the beginning

@younggbon: I would easily vote for @realDonaldTrump if he ran for president

@idiotninja24: @TrumpVancouver @realDonaldTrump I see you.... Looking good! #Vancouver

@BackOnTrackUSA:  The best thing about you becoming President would be getting to see you tell all of Obamas lackeys  Youre fired!

@SamRator:  I must b out of touch- @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump &amp; @ScottWalker r my top picks for @gop presidential pick! #TeaParty

Great seeing @MarianoRivera w/@realDonaldTrump at @TrumpTowerNY for @EricTrumpFdn!

@JetRanger69:  #DONALDJTRUMP @realDonaldTrump #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN

@JoeQuinn6: @realDonaldTrump America needs your leadership. Please run for President

@L3nny85: Perhaps its time we bring back the #American #Empire , Mista Trump @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@john_siracusa: Great hearing you @realDonaldTrump speak with #DonImus on @TheImusShow this AM. You enhance the dialogue on all programs

@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump #WakeUpAmerica Donalds Policies are the Real Game Plan to #Win, Hes also the only 1 to beat #Hillary

@kenuckio: @realDonaldTrump And we will call it Trump Wall  Fine with me!

kimguilfoyle - great job tonight!

Jeb Bush - I am a conservative = Barack Obama -If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan

America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms,it will be because we destroyed ourselves. A. Lincoln

Others claim they can make America great again but only one knows The Art of The Deal. Its time for an outsider

Via @WalidShoebat: Watch Donald Trump: He Is Patriotic And He Can Fix America

With our brand new Tennis Performance Center, @TrumpGolfDC offers countless activities along with top courses

Mexicos court system is a dishonest joke. I am owed a lot of money &amp; nothing happens

Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting &amp; slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend

Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: TRUMP: Im going to surprise a lot of people in 2016

UPDATE: Trump plans public event at @WartburgCollege  via @wcfcourier:

My @TeamCavuto int. on simplifying the tax code, our incompetent leaders, Iran and making America great again

#TBT Trump and Gekko-

If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.  John Quincy Adams

Via @Reuters: Donald Trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run

Our border is being breached daily by criminals. We must build a wall &amp; deduct costs from Mexican foreign aid!

We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime &amp; anywhere!

The top course on the west coast @TrumpGolfLA overlooks Pacific Ocean &amp; offers a luxurious public golf experience

Looking forward to speaking at the @NHGOP #FITN Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12PM! Lets Make America Great Again!

@michaeljacks_ag: Friendly Friday: Michael Jackson with Donald Trump. #michael

@CNBC: 5 family values Donald Trump used to build his empire (op-ed)

@Newsmax_Media: Donald Trump: I Would Simplify Tax Code as President

@ThislsAmazing: Donald Trump and Mike Tyson

@The_Jeffryes: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president, my pride as an American will never be stronger. #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016

@calicombo: @realDonaldTrump @ALEKSMM ford is building a factory in Mexico. Should be in U.S

@RickyRicardo223: @realDonaldTrump would pick the strongest cabinet in history if he was president.  TRUE!

@younggbon: I would easily vote for @realDonaldTrump if he ran for president

@M_Foresta: @realDonaldTrump Id think you make a great President but I would really miss #TheApprentice. Been a fan since the beginning

@Helpfulcook: @realDonaldTrump lets get #Trump2016 trending like crazy!!!

@BestPhotosEver: I hope youll announce youre running for President soon. America needs a smart leader w/ true love for country like you

@Dinamico_7:  Part 1 of my @SpecialReport int. with @BretBaier discussing why I am strongly considering running for President

@lkoja: @realDonaldTrump is a true leader we need for this country ... #Trump2016

@CaitlynHarman: Melania would make a fantastic First Lady, she has the charm that reminds me of classy Jackie O #Trump2016 @MELANIATRUMP

@ALEKSMM:  I have a lawsuit in Mexicos corrupt court system that I won but so far cant collect. Dont do business with Mexico!

@MirandaMattos1: @realDonaldTrump @MarianoRivera @EricTrump

@Bourbon_brain:  @realDonaldTrump has  accomplished more in his career than any other candidate has promised in theirs. #nhpolitics

@CharlieG_DC: RT @realDonaldTrump: Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less

@BethAndersonEsq: I watched your interview on Neil Cavuto today. Your fiscal policy as President would be better than anyones! Go Mr.Trump

@SaraLevenson: If youre interested in balancing work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - @realDonaldTrump

@therightnewz: Im Looking At It Extremely Seriously: Donald Trump Talks About a 2016 Presidential Run (VIDEO)

@garretdl: Please run for Pres Mr @realDonaldTrump

@theqtan: @realDonaldTrump please run for President! The country needs you! #Trump2016

@nicolas_toscano: Booked a corner suite at @TrumpLasVegas with @MikeTokes for Memorial Day weekend  Sure knows how to make a nice hotel!

@NyamdavaaJ: You better run in 2016 for President and fix these problems,you can do this Donald!!! #2016 #President right @IvankaTrump?

@chip0tle_: @Stoic123 @realDonaldTrump @m__a__w politicians know how to become president. Businessmen know how to BE president

@JakeTiger25: @daveajstearns @djred678 forget both of them. Lets hear it for ma man @realDonaldTrump

@erotao: @realDonaldTrump Time for an Entrepreneur President, not one of these insipid morons that have never made a payroll

@QueenBarbie69: @realDonaldTrump. I believe in you. Go for it

@JosephSchleider: @realDonaldTrump good interview on Fox News Radio. You are my preferred candidate for the USA presidency @AlanColmes

@isellbesthomes: @realDonaldTrump we need you to run for President, and fix these problems, you can do this!!

@NeilECollins: @realDonaldTrump If you run in 2016 how can we be of help

Had a great time in Myrtle Beach and Charleston this past Saturday and Monday. Looking forward to going back soon

Via @postandcourier by @skropf47: Donald Trump: Dont politicize Walter Scott shooting

Part 1 of my @SpecialReport int. with @BretBaier discussing why I am strongly considering running for President

Via @kcautv: Donald Trump Coming to Sioux City in May

Today is April 15th, Obamas favorite day of the year. T-E-A. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!

@ericschiffer  A talented family led by the best.    @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump Thanks Eric, so nice

@Thutchy5 @realDonaldTrump Politicians talk the talk, but this man walks the walk. #Trump2016

@topsurveys   @realDonaldTrump @MarianoRivera @EricTrump such a class act..I adore that man and all he stands for...a classy trio

The great @MarianoRivera in my office with my son @EricTrump-

@daytonkreb @realDonaldTrump  Come on Donald, #America needs you  #CaptainAmerica #Trump2016

@m__a__w   @realDonaldTrump From my #european point of view,#USA needs a president like you to get a lot of things right. #Trump2016

@WingsUnchained:  @RealDonaldTrump is not a professional liar like politicians. I was watching Cruz, but Donald also has my attention now

@MichaelEntrekin: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP best day ever? Id say yes. #Trump2016

@LikeWhoa134: I just hope @realDonaldTrump is our next president  Make America great again!

@MrMet41: @bonn66 @realDonaldTrump @rosannascotto #MrTrump isnt my guy, he is Americas guy ! #Trump2016 So nice, thanks!

@BWANAWOMAN: @kwrcrow @realDonaldTrump IKR. He b slumming it big time! White House will need lots of upgrades. Just like our country

@AnjiRabadi: @TrumpChicago Ill be staying here next weekend! Cant wait! @realDonaldTrump @deejaynik @sophiegonerogue #trumplife #cantwait

@pare900: @HAJMAJA @realDonaldTrump Trump wants low taxes, strong defense and jobs . Trump is good at creating jobs

@ElizaWindso: @BretBaier @realDonaldTrump His biggest asset is that he isnt a professional liar like the rest of them

@jeffreykid44: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfLA u rock Don

@dashing1995: Youve said Mexico is not a friend. I agree. USA faces Mexico tomorrow in soccer. @ussoccer could use a shout out from you

@hdrenovate: @realDonaldTrump D.T. for president! !!

@ElizaWindso: @BretBaier DonaldTrump   Only one who ever took on the MacDaddy. Looks like only one to fight Hillary. Even in her own party

See the amazing views from @TrumpGolfLA located directly on the Pacific Ocean-

@mikey_likes_lt @SovAdjEast @realDonaldTrump @TrumpFerryPoint @UAGolf I cant wait to play this course with my Dad Great--enjoy!

@WildcatThad @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump I disagree only because Trump in Vegas was amazing! @TrumpLasVegas

@morangary61: @realDonaldTrump we need one smart PRESIDENT.. Trump#

@Chris_R_2014: @WendyPeters  America desperately needs leadership &amp; values. Obama is a disgrace. We need a winner, and that is Trump

@scook5656: @realDonaldTrump we need Trump for President! I agree!

@CalebRapoport: @realDonaldTrump in 2016! this country cant wait any longer

Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely!

@lhcam: This country desperately needs accountability. @realDonaldTrump in #2016

@CathyFuregno: Mr. Trump it is time to be serious and run for president. Bring America back to its greatness with dignity I feel you have

@Villesportslaw: @TMobile - Been all over KY today. Never more than 1 mile from major interstates. 13 dropped calls. DonaldTrump was right

Entrepreneurs: Dont be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas

Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility, and its the ideal situation to strive for

Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Whos the boss? Dont negate your own power

@BobbyLCarrier North Charleston, SC   We are glad to have Donald Trump onsite at Leeds Park. #realdonaldtrump #chs @BobCaldwellCHS

@J_Feeds03: Even if @realDonaldTrump doesnt run for the GOP, Im writing him in on my ballet. #Trump2016

@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump cant believe ted cruz stole your campaign slogan. Only you can really make america great again #Trump2016

@Doctor_Platek: @realDonaldTrump you said it best: Lets make America great again #Trump2016

@MrMet41: @rosannascotto @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump The Donald gets things done #Trump2016

@foxandfriends: .@realDonaldTrump on President Obamas statements in Panama: Our country is going to Hell...under his leadership

@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @tshakro Yes Yes Yes Im so sick of lying politicians

@mrsschiff2010: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends another great Monday with you on! #makeamericagreatwithTrump

@AplemonLemon: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump thats why we need you Mr. Trump! Youre on the polls so its time you get moving!

@ShavaJu: @sternshow Please do another @realDonaldTrump interview. Come on now its been long since you had him on your show. Cant wait

@MasterBaxter8: How can I help with your campaign. Whatever puts you in office is what needs to be done. Road to the WH ends with Trump!

@McInnis11: @realDonaldTrump saying hed use his own money to run for president is reason enough to vote for him

@MasterBaxter8: We are all hungry for a Trump candidacy. Hillary announcement was expected. Lets show her the competition! #Trump2016

@tshakro: @realDonaldTrump should run for president! I rather have a smart businessman that gets shit done then reelecting a politician

Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning - enjoy!

@10Thurst: @realDonaldTrump we need you as OUR president

@pare900: @realDonaldTrump Hillary must not win.. These other Republican candidates are nothing. You are the real deal

How do third rate talents with no smarts like @ron_fournier get so much time on television news. Boring guy - really bad for ratings!

@PzFeed: The glitziest jet in the sky. Donald spent $100 million on his Boeing 757. VIDEO:

@gkohlschmidt: @slumpcityusa Run Donald Run!!! We are sick of stupid politicians who dont know how to run anything except a campaign!

@TheBingle:Only reason DonaldTrump would run for president is his love for country.He has everything already &amp; doesnt need aggravation

@Josh_leonard99: If America was as successful and planned like @realDonaldTrump we would be in good shape

@slumpcityusa: I bet my mother @realDonaldTrump would be running for president this year... Lets see!!! #Trump2016 Watch

@DaveCC1109: @realDonaldTrump Mitt Romney didnt even know HE was running for POTUS.  So true!

@ScillieriJr: @alexskoog @realDonaldTrump if he can run america like he runs a business, hed be a good president You mean great

Wow, Mitt Romney didnt  know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange! @FoxNews

@Doug3P0: look, DONT be a fool. VOTE for the right guy. vote FOR @realDonaldTrump

@jamison1013gma1: @realDonaldTrump @burger__meister I pray that the good lord will give you the strength to run MR. TRUMP Thank you

@Piratelover22: @realDonaldTrump Not to mention your wife will show this planet what a First lady IS! #CLASS #STYLE  So true!

@ClintonIYH: If the Republicans are serious about stopping Hillary... They really need to nominate @realDonaldTrump I agree!

@CalebRapoport: @realDonaldTrump for president 2061!

@burger__meister: #WhyImNotVotingForHillary because Ill be voting for @realDonaldTrump

@extra_deep: Hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president and fixes the mess Obama made

@carolled2001: @realDonaldTrump im so ready to have Mr @realDonaldTrump for President PLEASE

@MrMet41: @realDonaldTrump The Donald #Trumps all ! #Trump2016

@IzzyIrelandXXX: We need @realDonaldTrump as President. A great business man will get this country out of debt and back on its feet

@BlessIsrael1948: @realDonaldTrump @mallhayden11 My Trump is a patriot

@mallhayden11: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016

@SamCadora: Take some of  that passion and energy and run for president already.sweet Jesus just run for President Make America great again

@nilsson_markus: @realDonaldTrump for president , everybody knows its the best thing for the country #gotrump@PICA_59

@iamgerg: @realDonaldTrump best looking building in Chicago

@zdavis14: @realDonaldTrump For pres #2016

@JandNsmaman: @realDonaldTrump you should really run mr trump. Republicans will need a strong candidate to beat Hillary.#Trump2016

@PICA_59: #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump

@mayrazayago: This is our favorite tower in Chicago! We love it! We sit in front of it just to contemplate it!

@gracemtroupe: @realDonaldTrump so can u run! Please be our president

@pete_is_king: @PICA_59 @realDonaldTrump is he running? If he is @HillaryClinton might as well not even run

@MKBeattie: @realDonaldTrump vs @HillaryClinton for the White House would make for awesome debates! I agree!

A great @The Masters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings!

@MKBeattie: @realDonaldTrump vs @HillaryClinton for the White House would make for awesome debates!

@dcfoodsafety: I will not vote for a person that thinks that she does not have 2 follow same laws that I do. I know my vote #Trump2016

@Purplite: Will it be @HilaryClinton against @realDonaldTrump ? Come on Donald, everyones waiting

@tam69sc: @realDonaldTrump waiting for you to tell us you are running for president so I can vote for you and rally others to do the same

@RichardAllen__: It Will be my first time voting and it would be an honor to vote for @realDonaldTrump America needs your leadership!

@MrMet41: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 He gets things done ! So true!

@Retume: I would vote @realDonaldTrump over @HillaryClinton

@garycassard:  @washpostjobs: hundreds of #jobs Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office. Rain or Shine Trump Delivers!

@KnucklDraginSam: @realDonaldTrump @Chris_Owens1213 @HillaryClinton Yeah, first question, list your major accomplishments.  #Trump4Prez

@MrGamecock1: @sjketchen @realDonaldTrump @JohnLegere Well I would not take offense but find out what needs to be improved. EVERYTHING!

@sarzitron: The best part about @realDonaldTrump running for president will be @HillaryClinton losing. I hate her so much

@ShaneJoseph: Can @realDonaldTrump please run for president just so I can watch him and @HilaryClinton debate. #goodTV

@washpostjobs: Whos excited for the hundreds of #jobs Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office into his newest hotel? We are!

@shannlyman: @realDonaldTrump the trump courses in Scotland are the best in the world! Fantastic few days playing them! Thank you!

@Chris_Owens1213: I would love to see how upset @HillaryClinton would get if she were in a debate against @realDonaldTrump

@T-Mobile has so many service complaints - a total joke!

@TracyHolland1: When will you be declaring your candidacy for the 2016 race? Cant wait to put your campaign yard sign in my lawn

@SoyerJanis:  @realDonaldTrump  @boris3324 Dont be so insecure because you KNOW @HillaryClinton will lose against Trump

@Trainor_Chris: @realDonaldTrump behind you Mr Trump. Shes a Nightmare

@_SethMade: Folks not aware that @realDonaldTrump could sneak up &amp; be President in 2016. Watch!

@208Rocky: @realDonaldTrump announce your presidency. Make America great again. Stay tuned!

@KENofdfl:  @RealPro4Real @politico @GOP @SpeakerBoehner shes a dishonest and deceitful person. Trump, blows her outta the water!

@destiny_113: @JohnLegere if @realDonaldTrump says your service is terrible, it probably is. His hotels are the best, impeccable service

@RealPro4Real: Vote for @realDonaldTrump &amp; Stop Hillary! She is running for Bills 3rd Term! @politico @GOP @SpeakerBoehner

@Osorocks: After sitting in awful traffic,no parking (lots full) we gave up on car show today! Trump called it #javitzsucks #carshow

@Rosesroi: @FoxNews. Trump for President PLEASE! Your Interview on Fox gave hope again for this country. Will work on your campaign

@TalkerNewYorker: I say Flag Day perfect for an announcement of the presidential variety @realDonaldTrump  My birthday, interesting

@DOWNFALLOFUSA: @realDonaldTrump When r people going 2 wake up &amp; c that Obama favors everyone but Americans. Obama is our worst enemy

@BestBergerEver: @realDonaldTrump Hope youll tell America youre running 4 Prez soon! We need you in charge. #Trump4Prez

@wainainanjenga: @realDonaldTrump @Jackshallis the best president for America ever

@TerriLeeD:  @daviddepuma: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote, Mr Trump!!  When is the announcement??? Lets go!

@BlackandBlondeM: @realDonaldTrump for President 2016 &amp; @SenTedCruz for VP! NO more career politicians. @impetrio1 &amp; @BlackAndRight

@williamgardanis: Working class democrats ,Independents ,Americans that never voted before to decide this election LANDSLIDE MANDATE 4 DJT

@BestBergerEver: Mr. @realDonaldTrump, I agree: T-Mobile stinks. Just buy the company &amp; turn it into Trump-Mobile! #Trump4Prez

@daviddepuma: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote, Mr Trump!!  #TeamAmerica

@LouistheXVI99: @realDonaldTrump cant wait to see you on Cbs Sunday morning! #comeflywithme #Trump2016

@KraftyWurker: Some think Democrats think Rand Paul is a threat, wait until @RealDonaldTrump gets cranked up. #Trumpmeister

@KraftyWurker: Some  Democrats think Rand Paul is a threat, wait until @RealDonaldTrump gets cranked up. #Trumpmeister

@DanRebellato: . @TMobile I bet they try to ignore the many mocking remarks they receive and wrongly think it makes them look dignified

@BackOnTrackUSA:Obama gave honor &amp; praise to the deserter Bergdahl but refuses the murdered Foot Hood victims military benefits : shameful

@Gingerxoxoxoxo: @realDonaldTrump: .@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check.@VerizonWireless is the best

@MyIntersperse: Everyone including @JohnLegere knows @TMobile sucks.. @realDonaldTrump - Why dont you buy @TMobile &amp; call it TrumpMobile?

@Jackshallis: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president!

@philly_phily: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile   at&amp;t is the best

@PrincessDaytura: @TMobile   Thank you for having the courage to speak out against corporate coruption, much respect Mr Trump. #Trump4Prez

@saints_74: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile i agree it is the ONLY phone company that doesnt give u service in central louisiana

@tornadopain: @TMobileHelp   Just find @JohnLegeres hissy fit with @realDonaldTrump ironic, since yall have room to catch up

@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check

@bkrafttt: My only goal in life is to be a successful man, much like @realDonaldTrump

@JacobsenSusan: @realDonaldTrump LOVE Trump Tower in Chicago!! Beautiful building!!

@mjpomor: @realDonaldTrump @mayrazayago This building is awesome. Kind of neat if Donald becomes either the POTUS or the VPOTUS. Mk

@Jcpcond: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile @JohnLegere T-Mobile sucks!

@mayrazayago: This is our favorite tower in Chicago! We love it! We sit in front of it just to contemplate it!

@ElvinBerndt: @realDonaldTrump @JohnLegere Guess @rootmetrics @JDPower Had it right. @VerizonWireless has the best wireless network

@Chris_R_2014: @WendyPeters What I admire is that Donald Trump loves this country. He will put country over self and make America great

@tica1975: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile TMobile sucks cant believe someone like you would promote such a shitty company. Compassionless Co

@Chris_R_2014:  Donald Trump is the man to make this country great. Obama/administration is an embarasssmnet and a complete joke!

@rozanakabashi: @realDonaldTrump @JohnLegere even though a costumer for so long, their costumer service needs to be better

@JamersonHayes: Just keep doing what youre doing; a lot of Americans believe in you, you set the standard for what America was built upon

@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump @JamersonHayes Agreed! Haters! just because they wont ever have the half the intelligence of Mr. Trump!

@CougarTrace: @realDonaldTrump @JohnLegere @naughtoriousBIG Mr. Trump dont worry yourself with a 3rd rate wireless company

@Lex_Shep: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile @JohnLegere. Why are you even using T mobile? I dont use T-Mobile, bad service!

Thanks @JamersonHayes, they are all total losers with nothing going for them!

@MikeandDawnNY: @JohnLegere Im a TMobile customer 4 10yrs &amp; DT is right. Also hes Presidential unlike Joker in WH now &amp; Hillary the Liar

@JohnLegere: .@naughtoriousBIG @realDonaldTrump u am sure Dinald is proud to have your support  Are you drunk John? Also, T-Mobile sucks!

@LadyZales: Youre the only one for the job! You never take any crap from anyone and thats the kind of president I want! #Trump2016

@JamersonHayes: My man @realDonaldTrump is what a president should be

@toypilaVzla: RT @MrNicolasBell: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile @JohnLegere @Verizon is the best service provider

@cstace1: @realDonaldTrump has already won the election #Trump2016

@saugat_p: @realDonaldTrump speaks the truth. Refreshing honesty. No politics BS

@housecalls1228: @realDonaldTrump Sure wish youd get off the pot and start pissing off this Fed Gov by running for Pres.Youve got my vote

@moeaa12: @JohnLegere  @TMobile then i hope your customer service ppl learn how to treat their customer and follow up with them to fix

@thegurleygirl: Your interview on Fox News was great!We need you &amp; the country knows youre the person who can save our country!#Trump2016

@WeLoveTheDonald: DonaldTrump You sure do look like a natural behind that podium! I cant wait to put my Trump 2016 sign in my front yard!

@naughtoriousBIG: T Mobile service sucks and it took a Trump to call him out! @realDonaldTrump for President!

@MrNicolasBell: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile @JohnLegere @Verizon is the best service provider

@realliamager: LRT: never thought I would agree with @realDonaldTrump on anything. @EE @TMobile @TMobileUK  @JohnLegere

@TMobile  You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball!  @JohnLegere

@JohnLegere  T-Mobile service is terrible! Why cant you do something to improve it for your customers. I dont want it in my buildings

@glfceo: The best #custserv in hospitality is at @realDonaldTrump s @TrumpChicago hotel! Just super!

Without passion, you dont have energy; without energy, you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!

South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!

Thank you very much for the nice story, I greatly appreciate it-

Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today

Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!

@pctech181: For American prosperity, now and for our childrens children, there is only one choice. Donald Trump for President 2016-24

@SheriffClarke: With Donald Trump today after my NRA-ILA speech in Nashville TN!  David, keep up the great work!

@NickBeII: Donald Trump has my vote. Signed and sealed. Thanks!

@michaeljackson: #FriendlyFriday Michael Jackson with Donald Trump.  Michael was very misunderstood - a great talent

@wiccanfoxglove: @realDonaldTrump will you run? Can you get us out of the hole we are in? I want this nation to be strong &amp; proud!

@tuckahoetommy: If @realDonaldTrump truly believes he could fix America and loves our Country shouldnt he feel obligated to run? Yes!

@WarrenMarcussen: @realDonaldTrump @KBrocking I love your show though Donny, Im a fuckung huge fan But our country is dieing!

@AutumnJuliaa: My goal in life is to master the idea of a balance sheet as flawlessly as @realDonaldTrump did at my age

@markraymond  Thanks Mark, they will!

@anthonycl: .@realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president! Hes the only one who can run a successful business!

@KBrocking: @realDonaldTrump You gotta run. I think you have what it takes to stop Hillary!!!

@JordanPolitics: Could it be @HillaryClinton v @realDonaldTrump for POTUS? #Hillary2016 #Trump2016

@GMCallahanJr: Next great building in DC that should have the Trump name in it! @realDonaldTrump #RunDonaldRun  Cute

@markraymond: @realDonaldTrump Youre the only person who could lead America and move our country forward!

@gabriellebragg4: How do I find out where @realDonaldTrump is giving speeches at? Because I really want to go to one

@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump President Trump just sounds right! Thanks!

@dtbeasley: @nashvillebiz @NSHBIZSichko @realDonaldTrump he also bought the beach property adjacent to Mar-A-Lago from Jack Massey. True!

@MulletGang2020: Ok @realDonaldTrump i saw the interview on #FoxNews I hope you run!

@6aa9ce3efe0c468: @realDonaldTrump @BackOnTrackUSA you should run Mr.Trump get this country back on track

@JacksonHoleSue: The interview was compelling! I am convinced you are the  right person for the job! I am behind you all the way!

@DebraAnnGW: @BretBaier @realDonaldTrump I think he would make a great president but not really sure hell run. Thank you and watch!

@BretBaier  Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented

@dawn_dunne: @realDonaldTrump @BretBaier watched, got me pumped

@jeffbenton1079: @realDonaldTrump back in Myrtle Beach tomorrow. Might see me at the airport

@MamaGlove:  Please tell Cruz &amp; Rubio we are trying to return to the Constitution.No more usurpers #RunTrumpRun #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@gamecockandrew: @realDonaldTrump thanks for coming to South Carolina tomarrow  My great honor!

@snugglebun31: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE SAVE OUR COUNTRY RUN FOR PRESIDENT! Watch and thank you

@LaurenHayes021: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president it would be the best thing that had happened to this country in a long time!

@ITTRP:  @TaraHill5 Obamas average employment % is worse than his last 5 predecessors, including Carter!

@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Trump will be great on protecting 2A rights!

@jjnebraski: @realDonaldTrump as a 100% disabled I beg u Mr.Trump run for President &amp; make U.S. Great again, we need a honest man like you!

@dalley5:  I got the tingle up my leg when you spoke! The common sense was to die for...we need somebody that will really fix this!

@HoustonGunn: A Warm Welcome to #Nashville @realDonaldTrump today. Thanks for sharing your wisdom and opinions with Middle #Tennessee

@GameWeiver: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling Donald Trump doesnt compliment many people. True!

@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Trump excites conservatives AND appeals to independents. The best candidate. RUN DONALD RUN! Thanks Kyle

The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!

@ericbolling did a fantastic job on OReilly tonight. Way to go Eric!

@enole28: @seanhannity When will you have on @realDonaldTrump?  Sean is a great guy who truly loves our country

Off to Nashville and the NRA

@BretBaier  I will be interviewed by Bret (on Fox) tonight at 6:00. Watch, it will be good!

@BackOnTrackUSA: Again, Obama has made us a laughing stock with his Iran  negotiations . Obama is a disgrace &amp; an embarassment

@5reedz: @realDonaldTrump Welcome to the Best City in the USA....... Nashville Tn. I love Nashville!

I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there

@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfDC thats great and all but are you running for pres  Watch!

@Blitz2Fr: I wont rest until I have respectfully shaken the hand of DonaldTrump himself. #inspiration #RoleModel

ExclusiveDonald Trump: Obama Totally Out-Negotiated by Iran, Taliban, Virtually Every Country in the World -

@iamapatsfan: I would rather Donald Trump be the president than Jeb Bush. Would do a much better job!

Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 6:00 P.M. on Fox. Dont miss it!

@stevewest222: @greta @RepDeSantis  DonaldTrump Kerry is such a great negotiator he doesnt even know when he has a deal! Better call Trump

Record crowd and standing ovation at Simpson College in Iowa- lots of fun, wonderful audience!

On my way to @TrumpSoHo to receive the AAA Five Diamond Award

I had a great time in Iowa yesterday- record crowds, fantastic people!

@slips60: @realDonaldTrump Looking in from across the pond, America needs you asap

@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @justariot66 we need some one like you. Are you putting your hat in the ring, i sure hope so

@Chm14Mc: @realDonaldTrump Trump Turnberry looks incredible in the sunshine. #lookinggreat #trumpturnberry

@coffee6666: @realDonaldTrump @RealSQUEZZ I heard nbc pays don 3 million week for his show n president makes 8,000 week. Just watch!

@BradHeat: @realDonaldTrump is the entrepreneur that all entrepreneurs look up to. Keep the inspiration up. Thank you

@teslu888: @realDonaldTrump We will vote 4 you

@RealSQUEZZ: @Realdonaldtrump HAS WHAT IT TAKES TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD. #VoteTrumpForPresident

@justariot66: Rand, Cruz, Rubio next week. A hat trick of never gonna win Donald if you ever were for real this is the time

@kwrcrow: @CommunityJC  I agree America is disheartened. I truly believe #Trump can turn this country around. He is the only 1 who can

@TtsincWard: @realDonaldTrump Go Mr. Trump were pulling for you

@travis_temple: Make America Great Again! @realDonaldTrump

@Forbes: Quote of the Day: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make. - Donald Trump

@Jpicc1: @realDonaldTrump Please DO run!! We need a strong leader who will end the embarrassment our current President has caused us!!

@EHarper69: @realDonaldTrump If you run you will win.. Ive never been wrong. Just be presidential, not a salesman!

Meeting with Iowa State Senate Leaders

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Leaving now - Im spending the entire day in Iowa - great people, great state!

@ColemanG81: I cant wait for DonaldTrump to become president and finally put the US back on top as the worlds greatest country! #Trump2016

@MyView001: @realDonaldTrump U sure could do a lot for the country!

@mccoykellen: I would 100% recommend everyone watch all of @realDonaldTrump vines

@Finenco: Rand Paul #speech is a repeat of every other #politician. Heard it before @TexasGOP @nytimes We need flat tax #Vote 4 DonaldTrump

@sxeymoney: @realDonaldTrump for president

@Brain__Quotes: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make. -Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump

@Brain__Quotes: When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal. Be tough. @realDonaldTrump

@gegco: @seanhannity Great interview with @RandPaul It will b interesting 2 c if @realDonaldTrump runs.If so I hope u get 2 interview him

@ckottlarock: @realDonaldTrump #trump4prez

@Amit_D_R: @realDonaldTrump @4kmiddlebrook Im sure the American voters will say, Mr Trump you are hired!

@Luismamh11: DonaldTrump Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game

@JanineGreenberg: Meeting Trump @realDonaldTrump #TrumpTennis #woohoo

@SportsTalkCSN: TONIGHT at 10 on CSN:@CHICKatCSN + @BmitchliveCSN talk with T to discuss his new project in Virginia

@xwellLudwig: .@realDonaldTrump We need someone who can whip those goons on capital hill back into shape! #Trump2016 #Teens4Trump

@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump is ahead of Most Republican candidates and he hasnt even warmed up yet. America Needs #Trump2016 !Thanks

@kyleRok: Amazing! Trump tennis facility in Loudoun County is gorgeous!! Anything this man does, he does it right

Wow, the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide, and most people dont think Im running!

Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out!

@laurasgoldman: .@realDonaldTrump why is it necessary to comment on .@ariannahuff looks? Because she is a dog who wrongfully comments on me

@tarashuman: DonaldTrump Thank you so much for your amazing HOPE message!!! Im so grateful. #hopeisagoodbreakfast

@Reedgs119: @realdonaldtrump @cleopattrausa Donald you are the next Ronald Reagan. Make America great again. Thank you

@kzieff: @realDonaldTrump just run!

@Realistboutmine: F.Y.I  Will make a excellent president He has what it takes to turn this county around he is Donald Trump for a reason

@cleopattraUSA: Please mak it a 100% chance youll run for President! I could make this country great again

@Whatyouknowjr: @realDonaldTrump @Realistboutmine All you need to do is announce and were there!

@Reedgs119: @realdonaldtrump agree 100%

@Realistboutmine: @realDonaldTrump for President please everyone vote in 2016 if God willing please we need him to help our country

@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump Donald please run for president! You need to show Obama how a real man does it!

@cstace1: @realDonaldTrump is a president to get excited about!!! 2016!!!

@ChipGates1: @realDonaldTrump @RollingStone @HuffingtonPost Yeah shut em down. Nothing but toilet paper

@jasonCwaite: @realDonaldTrump The BEST tweet of 2015. Agree? #Trump

How much money is the  extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?

As dishonest as @RollingStone is I say @HuffingtonPost is worse. Neither has much money -  sue them and put them out of business!

@willgalloway_: @realDonaldTrump when will you announce your 2016 decision? Btw we all know youre running! #Trump2016

@toypilaVzla: #trumpforpresident @realDonaldTrump is  triumph. Next year sounded the trumpets!

@ShapiroJD: @realDonaldTrump You should be on #SharkTank as a guest star. #Trump2016 #kingofthedeal Nice show!

@StaceyHunter10: DonaldTrump great brunch yesterday at Mar a Lago thank you for stopping to take a pic with our kids

@susanbbossie: @realDonaldTrump Excited to see the new tennis facility tomorrow @ Trump National in VA @serenawilliams  Best in world

@serenawilliams we look forward to being with you, a truly great champion, tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication

@ISAACYASS: @realDonaldTrump I know you will do great things for the USA!

@Buster842: @realDonaldTrump The thought of Obama makes me want to puke. He is a big disgrace to America and all it stands for

@MarianoQCasilum: PLEASE make it known now that you are a serious CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT. WE, THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NEED YOU TO LIBERATE USA

Obamas promises on the Iran deal are like him promising if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it - @marklevinshow

Via @ProgressIndex: Donald Trump to deliver keynote address at annual Chesterfield Republican Gala

Via @LasVegasSun by Eugene Dunn: 2016 is the year of Donald Trump

Miamis top destination, @TrumpDorals remodeled Royal Palm Pool offers 18 luxurious cabanas

Congratulations to @GatewayPundit on being named the #ROL15 @BreitbartNews award. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved!

Looking forward to visiting @SimpsonCollege on Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual &amp; local rights!

#TrumpAdvice

Congress must stop Obamas reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes

@RollingStone admitted their scam. Phony @HuffingtonPost and others are no better-- total joke!

@majesticljp: @realDonaldTrump its time for you to run for President of The United States, Mr Trump!!

@Doctor_Platek: @realDonaldTrump I believe you are the person who can help this great nation become great again! You are right!

@somecooldad: @MrMikeCalta @realDonaldTrump for president

@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I always Enjoy listening to you Mr Trump!! You give great advice! God Bless!!

@maxine41823: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump always hear the truth from Donald gives honest opinion...always listen

@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016

@RealMetman: @realDonaldTrump nice segment on @foxandfriends.. you have my vote

Will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. ENJOY!

@tijfbutler: Greatest Easter greeting ever RT@realDonaldTrump: I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!

@Bamadad1985: @realDonaldTrump I hope u run for president. U have my vote

@ShawnJohnson have a great Easter, you are a real champion!

I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!

@BabyFuzz1969: Declare Your Candidacy! Right time, Right age, Right mind w/common sense, Right Leadership #RightMan #RightNow #RightVote

@golf_com: .@realDonaldTrumps NYC course just opened, and it is spectacular:   Thank you Joe!

Have a fantastic, beautiful and happy Easter everyone and then, when Easter is over, have great wins and triumphs in life. Never give up!

That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those  suffering!

@greta: @realDonaldTrump @hillarysusans I can hardly wait to do the interview when the Old Post Office is finished in all her glamour

@hillarysusans: @greta @realDonaldTrump That was such a great piece. Really enjoyed it!

@greta: @hillarysusans @realDonaldTrump I had so much fun doing that interview - so different from the usual OTR

@hillarysusans: It showed. Hell be up in NH for FITN. Cant wait to see him. Will tweet pictures to @FoxNews

@ohheyyhbayyy: One could only hope that @realDonaldTrump will run for president. Had enough of Obamas poor choices in office

The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe

Via @CBSNewYork: @TrumpFerryPoint Opens In The Bronx

@4kmiddlebrook: #Everyone @realDonaldTrump is the ONLY one who can beat Hillary

Politicians are all talk and no action. Washington can only be fixed by an outsider. Lets make America great again!

Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran, not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal. #ArtOfTheDeal

Via @TheTodaysGolfer Trump @TurnberryBuzz transformation on course

Watch my @oreillyfactor appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with Iran-

@OliverOmrf  Very excited to start reading #theartofthedeal after being so inspired by #howtogetrich  @realDonaldTrump Great. Good luck!

@jleec Reading @realDonaldTrump Art of the Deal tonight for the 3rd time. Please run for president! #Trump2016

@MaryHodgins: For all the AMAZING people in the world with #Aspergers &amp; #Autism. @richardbranson @realDonaldTrump

@MichelleM: Praying for only more success for DJT. An honorable man who knows The Art of The Deal &amp; who would not make a bad deal w/ #Iran

@Scotspolfed: Friendliness, professionalism &amp; sheer dedication of staff @TurnberryBuzz should be pointed out to the boss @realDonaldTrump

@ArthurKade: Fun chatting w/ Derek Hough, Donald Trump, Zac Posen, Harvey Weinstein, Meredith Vieira and more

@Newsmax_Media: Suffolk Univ. Poll: Trump Leads Cruz, Rubio in New Hampshire

@Tyrone_deverger: @realDonaldTrump I pray to God you run for 2016. You are the one man that can save the USA

@kuhnl1: @realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort

Entrepreneurs: Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come with obstacles

Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort

Entrepreneurs: Realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less

Must read via @FoxNews by @JaySekulow: Mr. President: Will you bring home American pastor imprisoned in Iran?

Obamas offer to Iran will not stop Irans breakout capability. It is a bad, desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions!

Washington needs common sense conservative solutions. Lets make America great again!

Via @UnionLeader  by  @tuohy: Trump: Youre Hired

Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: Donald Trump: Kerry Has to Walk If Iran Doesnt Make Deal

Via @rcpvideo: Donald Trump on Who He Likes For President: Donald Trump

@ronsonlocke @realDonaldTrump I passed your Aberdeen Golf Course, looks amazing! Thanks!

The townhall question segment of my @WMUR9 Commitment 2016 Conversation @JoshMcElveen  Great questions/people #FITN

@DanMilosevich @EricTrump @TrumpFerryPoint  Impressive - just as Trumps would be as first family. I hope your Dad runs 4 Prez, we need him

One of the greatest tributes to a father I have ever witnessed--given to the great @jacknicklaus by his wonderful son

#TrumpVlog Be careful with Iran

My friend @ChristianJosi is making a very special LP. Follow him. Conservative leader by day, likely 2015 GRAMMY winner by night. #LEGENDS

@19thWheel: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Thank you for having #Trump on!! Want to see him educate reps on #Economy !!

@19thWheel:  Heard your interview on SiriusXM Radio from FoxNews. I was thinking Scott Walker but now going Trump card all the way

@CodiHart: @realDonaldTrump Saw you on @oreillyfactor tonight. Go Trump!

@FlyOSUBuckeye1: RUN Mr Trump! Run! #oreillyfactor @realDonaldTrump I doubt Sec Kerry EVER read Art Of The Deal

@Josh_Millard16: Im loving everything DonaldTrump has been saying about the Iranian Nuclear deal, China, Mexico, and the border.Please run

@Will1957:  MR. TRUMP. THIS NATION NEEDS YOU NOW MORE THAN EVER. I ENCOURAGE YOU TO RUN FOR POTUS. YOUR IMPACT IS A GAME CHANGER

@Cigartainer: @realDonaldTrump best Ive seen you / oreilly. U bring a lot to the table &amp; r a true citizen

@devin199722:  Just watched you on @oreillyfactor Want you to run for office in 2016 so you can be the first President I Vote for!!!

@MichelleMeyer10: Donald, USA must NEVER allow Iran to make their chants death to America a reality

@LauraMontaguxox: @realDonaldTrump You would be a good president! Your a great businessman and care about our country! Thanks

@cinderelly78: @oreillyfactor @realDonaldTrump Get in there and straighten this country out!

@ChrisBiedermann: Building a massive wall on our southern border needs to happen now. Support Donald Trump. He can make this happen

@tr123xyz: @realDonaldTrump Excellent appearance on OReilly Factor tonight. The smart guy is what this country needs

@Teeroyd: Saw you on oreily and you hit it on the head, bring all manufacturing back stop outsourcing Im a gay republican, ANNOUNCE!

@bridgetmarie89:  @foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor The Smart Guy I love that slogan! Trumps Smart Guy approach #inspired me

@nikkio:  Good interview on OReilly - Many people r unaware how foreigners play around w/ currency to win trade over USA companies

@pinkdaisey22: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor great job both of you! Donald you have my vote!

@hitemhard_42: @realDonaldTrump is not a #politician. Perfect. Build back a great #America, Say what u mean &amp; Get it done. #RealBusinessMan

@Party__2016: @realDonaldTrump MR TRUMP......HOPE WE CAN CALL YOU MR. PRESIDENT SOON!!!!! Thanks

@wnapier99: @realDonaldTrump Great interview on OReilly tonight!

@sailor7: @rebeccagberg - I am ready to work for the GOP - I want to back @realDonaldTrump - he is a Patriot

@user9888: Money was never a big motivation for me,except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. @realDonaldTrump

@wingchungun: Trump would have Iran not only dismantling their Nuke program but would be paying the US to help! ... &amp; in ONE day!!!

@msft9: @realDonaldTrump @RichRichie725 good job on OReilly tonight!

@FakeSkiTeam: @realDonaldTrump Thats why we need tough, smart leaders like you in the White House instead of this pushover Obama!

@anniekineavy: @realDonaldTrump for president !! #thesmartguy

@FakeSkiTeam: @realDonaldTrump This Obama guy has no backbone when it comes to foreign policy! Please run for President Donald!

@marino_joanna: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor my money is on you in making a deal with Iran

Each day that Iran delays the deal, if that is what you call it, we must add another sanction, and make them progressively tough

@RichRichie725: @realDonaldTrump You cant make a BAD Deal GOOD

@EdRoc72: @realDonaldTrump will bring #America back. Our #savvy #optimism and #pride needs a #STRONG #LEADER like Donald Trump. #Elect2016

@katmur23: Run @realDonaldTrump Run! @oreillyfactor #oreillyfactor

@doehillmeme: Im with you, @realDonaldTrump!!

@agoodeye: @oreillyfactor v @realDonaldTrump Bill youre out of your league. Don knows what hes saying

@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor - We need Trump as President!

@J_SAB_: @realDonaldTrump for president !

@trhdesign55: Great interview @realDonaldTrump on @oreillyfactor !!! Throw your hat in the ring !!!

@foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor The Smart Guy I love that slogan!

@oledudstillgoin: @realDonaldTrump Trump 4 President 2016....count on my vote!

@MichaelTMorgan1: @oreillyfactor Trump is RIGHT: we are dealing with zealots, animals and amateurs... WAKE UP. No deal, Walk and walk fast

@StoneBreakerII: I would most definitely vote for Trump for president!! He would be a real leader unlike what we have now @oreillyfactor

@STL_Blonde: I love you @realDonaldTrump, youre an American original. Dont ever change. #oreillyfactor Thank you

@christianlasval: Whats happening to us is not a question of tough,its a question of smart. Hurry and run already, we need to get smart

@southsalem: Id vote for @realDonaldTrump b4 christie jeb schumio @oreillyfactor

@kicknback123: @realDonaldTrump is a master negotiator. Obama cant even operate a toaster. #oreillyfactor

@jesseaazar: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Start To Save America, PRES. TRUMP!

@MarianoQCasilum: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE RUN AND RUN. PLEASE HELP US LIBERATE AMERICA FROM oBAMAS MALADIES!

@JohnA553: @realDonaldTrump Don you have to run

@GWONDER6: First election I can vote in... I want @realDonaldTrump to run for president

@Beyon: @oreillyfactor You know... DonaldTrump is looking pretty damn good as a presidential candidate. Maybe he is our modern day Patton?

@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump The BEST President in the history of the United States DONALD J TRUMP

Turn on @oreillyfactor now  and enjoy true brilliance!

@MegaPandaduck: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor We desperately need another great president. Come on Mr. Trump, America needs you!

@Cherelynn: @realDonaldTrump @WeLoveTheDonald I would support you if you were going to get in the race  Thanks

@KhadeejaNicolle: @realDonaldTrump Your exactly correct. Dont let me down by not running for President!

@WeLoveTheDonald: You can count me in! Why do you think Im @WeLoveTheDonald? Because I believe in you and trust your judgement!

@donniewilmoth: @realDonaldTrump I hope this is your official announcement for your candidacy

@GiamattiJenna: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor its going 2 b good

I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Enjoy!

I will be on Bill OReillys show tonight at 8 PM--talking about Iran and politics. @oreillyfactor

Entrepreneurs: Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn

Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Be tough, be strong, be tenacious

Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you

The right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world. Lets make America great again!

Simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.  Think Big

There is only one fix for ObamaCare - REPEAL &amp; REPLACE with a free market oriented alternative!

Via @FoxNewsInsider as seen on @foxandfriends: Trump: Iran Nuke Talks Should Have Taken One Day

Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran

@Ajcarpenter0 Hoping to see @realDonaldTrump in office for the next 8 years #Trump2016

@Tom38Ts I wanted Trump to be the President in 2012 the country needs Trump to be the next president in 2016

@marioraez1: Just came back from Chicago and ur building there is gorgeous! Best looking one in the city. Class and luxury all the way

@thembazoko1: @realDonaldTrump: We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player

@FunkyFakir: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump and Condoleezza Rice. What a ticket that would be!

The border is wide open for cartels &amp; terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall &amp; deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid!

We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!

My @WMUR9 Commitment 2016 Conversation with @JoshMcElveen discussing leadership, China, healthcare &amp; veterans

Via @gazettedotcom by James Q. Lynch: Trump to run typical caucus campaign, but bigger

US tycoon Donald Trump in talks with Ryanair to bring more flights back to Prestwick Airport   via @Daily_Record

Wow, what a nice honor!

Via @CBNNews @TheBrodyFile: Poll: Donald Trump in GOP Top Tier for President

@TurnberryBuzz the jewel in Donald Trump golfing crown  via @TheScotsman by @DempsterMartin

@mysticmimsy:  @JavaMedic I tcompletely agree. Trump is the only man with enough gusto to force the wind of change. #TrumpForPresident

@Politcswatch: @realDonaldTrump I would call what the Obama Administration has done these two terms a disaster. #foxandfriends

@foxandfriends: .@realDonaldTrump calls out those negotiating with Iran on a new nuclear deal

@JavaMedic: @realDonaldTrump You know we are desperate, so time to announce #TrumpForPresident. #foxandfriends

@LooneyTunes002: I am tired of @realDonaldTrump thinking about it- just do it. The country is a mess. Politicians will only make it worse

@Tom38Ts: @realDonaldTrump please run for president this country needs a real leader please

@danowiggins: @realDonaldTrump I always enjoy your straight talk. Im afraid America cant handle the truth. Perhaps so!

@THETAINTEDT: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016

The girlfriend of Lubitz, the  wacko co-pilot who took down the plane, knew he was insane and should have reported him. Put her through hell

@nathanmporter @TrumpToronto @realDonaldTrump Congrats!! That is an amazing accomplishment!! Well deserved... #Toronto

@IndyBuffaloJim @TrumpToronto Doesnt suprise me one little bit, look who is running luxury Donald Trump that master of what people want :)

@CahlRStorrie  Everytime @realDonaldTrump comes to Scotland, its always sunny. Its not often for the sun to be out in Scotland

@shepherd_connor Great to see the future president back in Scotland. He is going to make Turnberry a very special place once its finished!

The road to success is always under construction.
-- Arnold Palmer

@sammybo73392412 @AaronMcAllorum @realDonaldTrump I passed by yesterday while driving down the Whitestone bridge. What a beautiful sight

@littlevd23 @AaronMcAllorum @NYC Like anything Mr. Trump puts his name on simply amazing!! The Bronx needed the Trump touch!  Thanks

@CraigHume Off to @ayrracecourse tonight for the @AyrshireChamber dinner. Looking forward to seeing @realDonaldTrump &amp; hearing his speech!

@EntourageUK @AyrshireChamber looking forward to your annual dinner dinner tonight and hearing from @realDonaldTrump #ACdinner15

@DOSMTurnberry Look forward to hosting clients &amp; guests at the Ayrshire Chamber annual dinner tonight with guest speaker @realDonaldTrump

@RoddyDunn @realDonaldTrump @AyrshireChamber big things expected from tonights key note speech :)

@KellyMorrisLtd  @AyrshireChamber Sad to be missing it. Huge buzz about the key note speaker this year!!! Americas future president

Looking forward to tonights Ayrshire Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner 2015  @AyrshireChamber

@NathanErbland   I agree------&gt; The 2nd Amendment is a right, not a privilege! @realDonaldTrump

@henry4_graham  @realDonaldTrump Fantastic advice as always. Thanks

ICYMI, via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: Donald Trump to give Iowa speech on education

Faster And Cheaper, Trump Finishes NYC Ice Rink @TrumpRink  Gov. can be efficient w/leadership &amp; business acumen

Message to Obama re: Iran: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.  The Art of the Deal

@Jeff713Jeffrey @FoxNewsInsider I dont care what anyone says Ill take Trump anyday at least he tells the truth and tells it like it is!

Looking forward to speaking @nranews Convention in Nashville  The 2nd Amendment is a right, not a privilege!

Flashback @FoxNewsInsider July 14:Trump: Bergdahl Swap Another Mistake By Gang That Couldnt Shoot Straight

Entrepreneurs: Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. Youve got to know where theyre coming from. Pay attention!

Entrepreneurs: When negotiating, dont be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself

Entrepreneurs: Seek opportunity, and see opportunity as a perk. You never know what will evolve. Keep an open mind!

Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.
-- @jacknicklaus

@bluesmanSINY  @realDonaldTrump The Donald for President. Big YES! The Country Needs A Leader

@paul1994loan  You would be the most straightforward Prez weve ever had. I dont see you reading prepared speeches off a teleprompter

@Wastehe  @realDonaldTrump @ACCronin8  We need a Trump card in the white house. You can make this country back to the way it was!

@ACCronin8 @realDonaldTrump Trump for president!!!

@AmazinHOF The more I read about @realDonaldTrump the more I want him to be President. His directness &amp; honesty just makes sense

Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!

If Saudi Arabia, which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil, wants our help and protection, they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES

Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesnt know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble

@aspieprobs: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #trumpforprez you will get my vote

@xxjennypennyxx: @realDonaldTrump Super excited to be spending Easter in Doonbeg #Spa #irishgirl #Donaldtrump #lovetrump #Ireland

Via @FoxNews: Trump: Politicians are all talk no action; Im the opposite

Donald Trump launches new mens fragrance-- Empire -- @Macys Because every man has his own empire to build

@BrendanMalakym @realDonaldTrump First time in the fabled #trumphotel Toronto - concierge was amazing, &amp; experience is the right word Thx

Many people think that WM23 @WrestleMania the battle of the billionaires was the greatest of all timeset all records

Americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness.  Pres. Ronald Reagan

My @greta int. on @FoxNews with @MELANIATRUMP at OPO discussing my potential candidacy &amp; making America great again

Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: Trump on 2016 Run: I Would Self-Fund, Appoint Wall Street Experts

Via @bostonherald by Eugene R. Dunn: Iran a clear danger

via  Only one man up for the job of president

@IvankaTrumps Favorite Miami Hot Spots @TrumpGolf @TrumpDoral

Jack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterdays Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring @jacknicklaus

@HaKolBzman  you would make an awesome president. We need someone who actually understands business to turn this country around Thanks

@johnny4arizona: A Trump presidency would MAKE U.S GREAT AGAIN, MAKE MADE IN USA #1 , put more $$$ in pockets of EVERY AMERICAN #Trump2016

@johnny4arizona: Dream Debate 4 #Election2016 Clinton vs Trump: Trump would be FIRED UP, and Hillary would be NOT HIRED !!! #Trump2016

@cptnloco262: @realDonaldTrump Watching @greta right now...Im game! Lets take it and win!

@Gibbons2012Alex: @MELANIATRUMP @realDonaldTrump id vote for you

@brianstoya: @realDonaldTrump For POTUS #2016

@DrueBuono: @realDonaldTrump Just saw you on Greta, hope your not just teasing us about running! Go for it  Youll see!

@GreatmakeupKate: @realDonaldTrump @Jdwillms1Jeff Donald Trump is the greatest hope for this country we have

@tgainesgirl:  @WeLoveTheDonald I totally agree I almost cried watching @greta interview with you. Do it just do it Run and save America

@MikePhelps5: Watching Mighty Planes about @realDonaldTrump private B-757. Mr. Trump is THE MAN. Hes as impressive as the jet. Thank you

@15pinnacle: I have to give DonaldTrump credit ... he lets everyone #tourists into his beautiful #hotel #residence...and its beautiful!!

@conservmatt: @stevenlas @jimlockwoodshow @realDonaldTrump the Donald employs and feeds more people than all of us combined. Hes America

@WeLoveTheDonald: @realDonaldTrump What a BEAUTIFUL First Family you will be!

Go to @greta show - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY!

@iBusinessLounge: @realDonaldTrump and Parlux Fragrances Partner To Launch Second Fragrance For Men. #iBusinessLounge #Business

@Belle_2016: @greta I would vote for @realDonaldTrump for President with @marcorubio as vice president. That would work for people in Fla

@Jdwillms1Jeff: @realDonaldTrump You are the best choice to turn around the country

I am on @greta now!

@josephangel247 @realDonaldTrump So true after reading the Art of the Deal #AMustReadBook #GoodAdvice

Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. Its a very empowering attitude

Entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts, even after youve honed your skills. Theyre there for a reason

Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one

With @greta in Washington, D.C. Old Post Office under construction. Tune in tonight at 7PM EST!

@JJ55334767 @realDonaldTrump Please save America! The country has over $18 trillion in debt!

@Stevieboy_63 @TalkerNewYorker  @5gentexan  Hi Katie, lets get Donald Trump in the WH. Hes the man to get this country back in order!

@TalkerNewYorker @IndyBuffaloJim @greta Mr. Trump IS Mr. NYC Lets make him Mr. President  I am ready to work-it to get you in!

@IndyBuffaloJim @greta I remember visiting that building a real jewel I am proud of Donald once again stepping up to make America Beautiful

Via @dcexaminer by @eScarry: Donald Trump: @HuffingtonPost a very dishonest organization

My @FoxNews @megynkelly int. on why I am considering running for POTUS, negotiations &amp; making America great again

@MauiJano You have my presidential vote! We need an assertive person like you to bring back respect and financial  repair to America! Thx

@Lisaowens1989  @realDonaldTrump please run for president and get our country running better!

@poolsharkNC: @GolfDigest Great! @TrumpScotland @realDonaldTrump I cant get enough of that fantastic place.  Thanks

@Kev_360 @GolfDigest Agree. Especially when @realDonaldTrump @TrumpScotland have the best course and rates going. #bestofthebest

@PAW1015: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, please run. Youd take them all to the cleaners in the debates and get the 270

@MariaFotedis: Please run @realDonaldTrump you will win. We need you

@JNOBOA23: @realDonaldTrump this country needs a strong business mind to get it back on the right financial track and you have that mind!

@DebrachoPaola: Donald Trump is the hope of America!  @realDonaldTrump

@SimsDaniel: #Trump2016 Please! @realDonaldTrump

@SanStar_eMedia: Heard @realDonaldTrump might be running for #president. Think that would be pretty cool actually

@_ayley: @realDonaldTrump you would be doing our country a favor by running for President. #Trump2016

@vagpoop: @realDonaldTrump Heard you on 770 today. You should run. #FORREAL

@JustSoldCom: @realDonaldTrump trump has a very good chance at 2016! We need you Mr Trump, The US needs you!!

@johnhmaddox: Listening to DonaldTrump interview on @SavageNation. Hes so far above the rest of the field as a practical, realistic leader

@MichaelEntrekin: At this point, every arrow points your way.. We need The Don!! #trumpforpresident We need you, sir! Run! #betteramerica

@DoremusJ: @realDonaldTrump Youre my dream candidate. I hope your exploratory committee agrees. If they dont you should fire them. Cute!

@Eerbnagrom: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump my 2 favorites!

@NJunger_19: Has all he could ever want. If he runs for Pres, then it it because he loves our country and wants to make it strong again

@PG1701: @BasilicaCEO: Annoyed Cruz running becos I dont like anyone cept @realDonaldTrump

@NJunger_19: @GingerPascoe @realDonaldTrump Exactly. Thats y i said ive never voted REP but i will if Donald runs. REP or not, he gets it

@nick_bailey: Cant wait to see @realDonaldTrumps miraculous border fence when hes elected President in 2016!

@DrewPalmquist: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016!!

@anon_thom: You have my vote @realDonaldTrump

@joelleangeli: @realDonaldTrump Im patiently awaiting a big announcement... #Trump2016

@DinoPetrongolo: @realDonaldTrump 2016

@SCOTTMALOUFF: @realDonaldTrump you have to run!! Your next!!

@CVergara32: @realDonaldTrump for president

@Matt_The_Stud: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote if you commit. You know what you can do. Give your people what America needs

@luisaorozcov: My dream! @realDonaldTrump is an example of life

@vidortwitt: @realDonaldTrump plz run for President and get this country back on track! Plzzzzz!

@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump this country needs you!!

@ColinSWood: 1) I will vote for you @realDonaldTrump

@marko0524: @realDonaldTrump Run Donald Run

@NJunger_19: @realDonaldTrump Ok Ted effing Cruz is running. Come on Donald. For the love of God run. NEVER voted REP, but I WILL if u run

@JaayZen: @realDonaldTrump @chriswerner1988 Run Donald Run! @seanhannity

@brianjohnson4: When you become President, who would be the secretary of the Treasury? No one can run a business better that you

@BasilicaCEO: Annoyed that Ted Cruz announced hes running because I dont like anyone except @realDonaldTrump

@alorcafesocial: @realDonaldTrump @BellaNYCMag love YA Donald!!

@foxrocks2012: @TrumpGolfLA@Daniel_Logan Amazing double rainbow above the course:  A Good Omen for DonaldTrump

@JeremyTheDrift: @realDonaldTrump please run , you are republicans only hope

@raymeem: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump I see Donald is the only guy who makes sense on economic reality.He sees navet of America vs China

@lancebagley1: @realDonaldTrump Lend Us your Steel. Run. Run. RUN. #Trump2016

@am_burns13: Currently rooting for @realDonaldTrump to announce his 2016 campaign

@chriswerner1988: @realDonaldTrump Make the announcement June 14th !

@belllachay: @realDonaldTrump Please tell me youre going to run for the BIG one...PRESIDENT! USA needs you! #AllTheWay #VoteTrump

@ULTIMATE_TREE: @realDonaldTrump Donald you inspired me in business to mop up my competition the same way you do

@cclkm: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly Run Donald Run!

@Wastehe: @realDonaldTrump @FatRotty well @realDonaldTrump make an announcement. I love you and I want to see you do it!

@FatRotty: I cant wait for @realDonaldTrump to beat Ted Cruz down in a debate. #Trump2016

@megynkelly: #KellyFile behind-the-scenes: Here I am with @realDonaldTrump on set! He joins me at 9p ET  tune in

Will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING!

@ArsenalHobbo Just finished watching celebrity apprentice @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump on the BBC great work guys for such a good cause

In N.H., Trump says his business experience would play well in government  via @ConMonitorNews by @AP

ICYMI, Raw video: Donald Trump speaks at Rep. Steve Stepaneks Amherst reception  via @wmur9

Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: Trump says he will decide on a presidential run by June

@JoanSlavin1 @greigaspinall @johnrich Simply BRILLIANT would never miss it Trump family a credit to society re charitable donations

@greigaspinall  @realDonaldTrump great show! Shame we are so behind in the UK. The 2011 season just finished! Well done @johnrich  Thanks

@CahlRStorrie I think @realDonaldTrump is the only reason I watch Fox and Friends. Honest man he is. @foxandfriends

@suddy25  just watched celebrity apprentice in England. Wonderful. How did you choose between them. Whole prog was great. Thank you

@JohnFulthorpe: America needs @realDonaldTrump He is the only one who can save us from the Leftie, Liberal Fascists. #VoteTrump

@NeilWipperman: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz Go Team Trump!

@chingaling3: @realDonaldTrump Praying that you have a productive day. Give God thanks. He gave you the ability to succeed. Thank you

@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump great job Mr Trump lots of great ideas!! Looking forward to hearing more from you God Bless!

@StephenMangan: Enjoying @realDonaldTrumps thinking face

@duranshingange1: @realDonaldTrump i work hard everyday to be like u one day in my life. Great, you will be very successful!

Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 15 minutes! Enjoy

@KirstyDace: A brilliant weekend at Turnberry. Polite, friendly staff, delicious food and beautiful setting

@JudyBaldasaro: It was a pleasure to meet Donald with Rep @Al_Baldasaro &amp; I at VIP Recept in Amherst, NH #nhpolitics

@BellaNYCMag: You have to think anyway, so why not think big? @realdonaldtrump inside the pages of our #Spring

@TylerLeeSmit: I found a few of your buildings in Busan, South Korea. Theyre looking clean and beautiful. Keep expanding the empire!

@JefferyAArnold: #TedCruz for president? Haha. Really @tedcruz? You should run as support for @realDonaldTrump, not as a candidate

@TravelBabe78: @realDonaldTrump You will have my vote. #PresidentTrump

@wizardofwords: @VictoriaJacobs @TrumpToronto  Yes, I loved it! Close to #UnionStation for train travellers, which is what I was. #Toronto

@JJJ2323: Treated myself to a few nights in Trump Tower in Chicago. All I can say is ..WOW. You know how to look after your guests

@nicolesavilla: #trumpforpresident hell yes!!! Id vote for @realDonaldTrump in a heartbeat!!!

@MiamiHerald discusses our @TrumpCollection #TrumpPets program @TrumpDoral:

@dulcifybp @seajay2uk @realDonaldTrump @VisitAyrshire what a great credit to Donald Trump  Thanks

@SamDoyle12 @realDonaldTrump Thanks for the quotes today---a month away of starting my own business #helpful  Good luck

Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
 -- Winston Churchill

@RaffleWinner @realDonaldTrump I cant decide if you will be a great President or the GREATEST President! #Trump2016

Entrepreneurs:  Let your actions show that youre the best. See each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level

Entrepreneurs: Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise

Entrepreneurs: Set the example, and youll be a magnet for the right people. Thats the best way to work with people you like

Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles fronts the Pacific Ocean and has an 18 hole Pete Dye course. Beautiful!

@moniquehorsey  I really love and admire @realDonaldTrumps high level of work ethic &amp; motivation. Very inspiring to entrepreneurs! Thanks

@zaneypeterson  @realDonaldTrump you have my vote!

@john_siracusa @realDonaldTrump @Boarcane President Donald Trump would be an awesome presence in #America ; and we regain respect

@TrumpSoHo New York has interiors by celebrated design house Fendi Casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline

Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point, an 18 hole public golf course in the Bronx, New York, is opening soon!

@HORPTyler  While Ill miss the Celebrity Apprentice Season 15, I think its great that @realDonaldTrump will try for the White House

@Smilin_Smuggler @realDonaldTrump You have my vote! #trumpforpresident #Trump2016

Trump Intl Hotel &amp; Tower, New York has the perfect Manhattan location &amp; @jeangeorges is the signature restaurant

@yo_rocky Right now... I would vote for @realDonaldTrump for president

@TalkerNewYorker  I love the Trump Family. They have done so much just in #NYC, how lucky other parts get to benefit! #GoodFamily

@LittmannRaymond @realDonaldTrump He would be a GREAT PRESIDENT and we need him to represent and protect Americas interests worldwide

@annmcg01 @rosannascotto Much as I will miss Celeb Apprentice, we need a real President! Id vote for him!  Love to see him on #GDNY

@matt_med @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016! Has a nice ring to it! You have my vote! Please run!

@littlevd23  @rosannascotto  He is what this country needs! Mr.Trump would undoubtedly do all the right things to make the USA respectable

@nicolesavilla: #trumpforpresident hell yes!!! Id vote for @realDonaldTrump in a heartbeat!!!

@Boarcane: DonaldTrump We need you to run and WIN! A true patriot with only the countrys best interest at heart

@aozsvath: @realDonaldTrump Please Run for the president, and make America great again. Americans worked too hard to lose their country!!!

@rCoolJR: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016!!! You got our votes!!! Make it happen!!

@JLogossoComedy: Ive never voted... If @realDonaldTrump runs for #President .... Im voting for him

THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY COMMITTEE-

Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C., is located on 600 acres and fronts the Potomac River. Spectacular!

Corey Lewandowski, Senior Political Adviser:  Mr.Trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness

April is Autism Awareness Month, join
 me in raising awareness - get your
 Light It Up Blue sign here!
 #LIUB

@WillAA99: @realDonaldTrump For The Love of The United States of America dont let another Bush or Clinton in Office! Run Donald Trump Run!

@MyTime28: @FoxBusiness @realDonaldTrump I rather see him as President than any Republican out there, at least he will think $$$$ and sense

@MidvilleB: @realDonaldTrump Please run &amp; save this country

@vinceconley: @realDonaldTrump woohoo! The United States of America President Trump! I like the sound of that! #Trump2016

@ezika101: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #jobsmatter

@TheRealHabanero: The thought of you becoming president of the United States is the only thing that gives me hope for this countrys future

@thatjguy92: Mark it down @realDonaldTrump has my vote Great!

@TMAC7771: @realDonaldTrump run 4 president we need your business mind to make America great again

@JoshCalebKing: @BestBergerEver @realDonaldTrump Trumpy really loves the Irish!

@d_mc_cullough: @paddyb_ireland @realDonaldTrump Do ya not know this wee man is one of the best in the world

@playazball: @JoshCalebKing @BestBergerEver @realDonaldTrump and the Irish love Trump!

Entrepreneurs: See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. Whats strong? Whats weak? Whats missing?

Entrepreneurs: We win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment

Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Make your work count

@SamDoyle12  when discouragement comes in the business, what would be your suggestion? You have to expect problems. Keep moving forward

@Jack_P_Ivory  Im a #trump fan even though I live outside the U.S. but I like what I read and see from him. He takes no BS!  True!

@myhealthcoach1: Your C-PAC speech 2015 was presented so clear, straight forward it made it so easy to understand wt prob US has!

@AnitaMarkdjones: @realDonaldTrump agree , he has my vote !!

@Jack_P_Ivory: @realDonaldTrump is the only person alive who could clean up the mess Obama left us.  True!

@craigmacwilson: @realDonaldTrump Run Donald, RUN!

@1a0e358348904f5: We need a president that can get America back on track and get things done! @realDonaldTrump for president!

@grahamclark: Is it just me or does @realDonaldTrump seem nice?

@jcosmofisher: If Donald Trump runs for president in 2016 he most certainly has my vote. We need to get this country turned around

@Mayhemsolis @realDonaldTrump any tips on staying motivated? Keep focused on your goals. Think about them daily-- &amp; dont lose momentum

@SamDoyle12 @realDonaldTrump when starting a business, what is the most important aspect? Find work that you love--be passionate about it

Trump National Golf Club Bedminster, New Jersey, has courses designed by Tom Fazio &amp; 16 acres of practice facilities

@StuartY19 @realDonaldTrump Celebrity apprentice is great, got right into the series, big fan of it now!  Great!

@fc61e7ca3dac404: @realDonaldTrump a great candidate for president! H:-)ope with my heart u run! Our country needs u

@JenninBoca: I enjoy seeing @realDonaldTrump on @foxandfriends. President Trump has a lovely ring to it, I think. #TeamTrump @FoxNews

@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump you sound really presidential on @foxandfriends 2016 cant come soon enough i know you will win

@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends i cant wait

@foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends My favorite part of the week is listening to you on Monday mornings #morningsarebetterwithfriends

@foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M

@EdgeCGroup: Back in #NYC for a HUGE week meeting our partners. Staying at the highly recommended @TrumpSoHo @realDonaldTrump

@seajay2uk: @realDonaldTrump @TurnberryBuzz Beautiful sunset of lighthouse and Ailsa Craig

@Dhami98Devin: As a 16 year old young man, I am very impressed that I havent been able to put down The Art Of The Deal Great book!

@BritLizHilton: #CelebrityApprentice  @DonaldJTrumpJr dont follow me but he has children to be proud of. I really admire @realDonaldTrump

@donnalee57: @realDonaldTrump yes sir, wish you were President with decision power to lead this Country back to greatness

@approject: Via @Pulse2016: Taking @realDonaldTrump Seriously  #TCOT #CCOT Very interesting, check it out!

@NagwareXBL: we need @realDonaldTrump for president  So true, thanks!

Boy did Pharrell &amp; Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast!

Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees, but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Know everything you can about what youre doing

Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard &amp; then establish it. Simple, but not easy. Focus!

Entrepreneurs: A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts &amp; people where they belong--out of the big picture

@SalamifiedRBX: Omg @realDonaldTrump for president please

Wow, little Mac Miller has almost 100 million views on his song, Donald Trump. Keep pushing Mac and come up with another hit - just do it!

@team6Q: Watch, listen, and #learn. You cant know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. - Donald Trump

Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. will be one of the worlds top luxury hotels

The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!

Just as I have been saying for MANY years, and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear, Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad!

@dennis_goins: @realDonaldTrump What are you waiting for? Run! The country needs you! Its now or never! We need leadership!

@newhopenchange: Reading The Art of the Deal for the 4th time over 18 years. Motivational and educational in different ways each time

@HGswiney: @realDonaldTrump is more than an entrepreneur... Hes an American icon-and will definitely get my vote in 2016  Thank you!

@monkiekaty: @realDonaldTrump @russiannavyblog @Joe3957 @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Yes! Yes! Yes! Trump for President

@SecondToNONE8: The White House is waiting for you to move in, Mr. Trump. @realDonaldTrump

@russiannavyblog: @Joe3957 @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews If there is anything America desperately needs, its a Trump run!

@CharlesGerace: Cant wait to play @TrumpFerryPoint this April. Tee time already booked. Thanks @realDonaldTrump for another great course

@W_O_R_L_D_USA: @realDonaldTrump would win any presidential debate. Trump for president!

@Joe3957: @realDonaldTrump @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Do it

@gsspike:  @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Hes the only one with guts enough to talk about the real issues that count

@monkiekaty: @realDonaldTrump @AlorAcai If Mr. Trump runs for president, we will vote

@jwil444: @realDonaldTrump @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Trump would shape the debate and dialogue in a way no one else could

@AlorAcai: #GoodAdviceIn4Words Vote @realDonaldTrump For President

@MeetinLongBeach: @TrumpGolfLA @RepostApp @PGAGrandSlam Looking forward to welcoming this event to the Greater #LongBeach area! #MeetinLB

@momtoheather: @TrumpLasVegas @realDonaldTrump great Hotel!! Stayed there twice

@DNorrell: @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Trump is only good canidate - non-politician non-insider - bring transpaency back. @realDonaldTrump

@CalhounDeane: Say what you want about @realDonaldTrump The Apprentice is SUCH a career saver for so many people!!! #AbsoluteIcon

@JorgeQB22: @realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!

Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!

Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge

Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Theres nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface

@SLanister @realDonaldTrump @Sherry09 please hurry up &amp; run,  Ill vote for you!!!

@pimpincrxboy @realDonaldTrump cant wait to play trump national and it was a real treat to see Donald Trump there today. #topnotch Thanks

@chiyankfred @TrumpDoral  Mr. Trump after watching this weekend my next father son golf outing will be at the Blue Monster! Looked great

@Sherry09 @realDonaldTrump Please announce that youre running for president soon. We all need some hope for the future!

@iamgerg: @realDonaldTrump Theres only one guy with the intellect, balls and know how to fix this countryDonald Trump 2016

@Warrior_Dave: @photomateme  @jacknicklaus I see it every day from the Whitestone - cant wait to play a round with my CGXs and Airmaxs

@kenzig:  Time to throw your hat in the ring Mr. Trump. Currently we have a liar, a repeat, overzealous tea partier, some Govs...blah

GET READY!! The #TrumpFerryPoint tee sheet opens TODAY @ 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th! @TrumpFerryPoint

@justrelaxfornow: @realDonaldTrump @RealPro4Real @TrumpGolfLA Your son Eric is awesome

@sandykjack: @realDonaldTrump -You are what America needs right now- We need a bad-ass President that we can trust and knows how to lead

@justinraay: @realDonaldTrump @RealPro4Real @TrumpGolfLA. Awesome!

@RealPro4Real: Its so gorgeous! You have amazing taste Donald!  @TrumpGolfLA @FoxNews @foxandfriends @CNBC

@RealPro4Real:  The PGA Grand Slam of Golf will be held at @TrumpGolfLA :-)

@IPFinancing: @realDonaldTrump @daltonkats Trump Chicago is my favorite

@TdavisTonya: Mr. Trump, our government is imploding. America needs your strong and honest leadership. Pls throw your hat in the ring!

@seangeezee:  Announced today the 33rd #PGA Grand Slam of Golf to be held @TrumpNationalLA Oct2015 @NBCSportsRadio

@peterjbates: @realDonaldTrump and @peterjbates discussing the @TrumpCollection in New York  The best hotels

@KRCompanion: If @realDonaldTrump gave a State of the Union address, Id listen. #TheApprentice #Trump

The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks

@JustinKrizel: I can vote in next election. If he runs, I will absolutely vote for  DonaldTrump - hes the best candidate out there

An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
 -- Benjamin Franklin

I am happy to announce that the @PGAGrandSlam will be held at @TrumpGolfLA this year!  Follow @TrumpGolf for more!

@daltonkats Inside Trump Tower in NYC! What a beautiful building! @realDonaldTrump  Thanks!

@Budd0427 @realDonaldTrump Jean Georges is always fantastic a real pleasure in a wonderful building  Thank you

Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York has received great acclaim, as has our signature restaurant, Jean Georges

@ricd384: The United States of America needs a real man in the oval office. Mr. Donald Trump, America is ready for you. Lets do it

@wisdomsquote: Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure.  Donald Trump

@JxCookie96 @realDonaldTrump I really appreciate your tips. Just started a business, going for gold. Thank you.  Great--good luck!

Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules

Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what youre doing

Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor

Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best art
Andy Warhol

@scapesrus  @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral The course looks magnificent !  Thank you

@Tyler_BurkeCRE any advice you can give for a youngster looking to get into the real estate development sector? Know your territory

The Blue Monster @TrumpDoral was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players &amp; critics alike loved it

@Kstupples Thanks for the nice comments on Trump National Doral. Ive long been your fannow am an even bigger fan! @TrumpDoral

@SamDoyle12  thx for the RT--what is a good book I can read, that can help me in starting my business? The Art of the Deal and Midas Touch

@scottsiebs: Good Monday morning from my room at the beautiful TRUMP OCEAN CLUB Panama. A great, great hotel!!

@JimmyHanlin: @realDonaldTrump your course stood tall last week. You should be proud. Not to many places can stand up to those big boys!

@belllabooo13:  @AplemonLemon @foxandfriends glad your having a great start to your week! Keep it going! Run for President! We need You!

@velvet2708: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends when Donald Trump speaks, you listen. Like you should for a real president. #TrumpForPresident

@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends What a way to start my week! Love it!

@RippethAmy: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends thats what a president of United States should sound like. #TrumpForPresident

Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes

@MansfieldRA: The Q Is @realDonaldTrump Going To Run For President. You Will Have My Vote. @realDonaldTrump

@Luigiboria: Extraordinario Concierto en #Doral con @SantanaCarlos Great concert at @TrumpDoral  #mayorluigiboria

Todays final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader, who has played great. Big names hunting!

@toypilaVzla: Donald for President @realDonaldTrump. Trump is  triumph  #TrumpforPresident

Golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship; we have to respect its traditions and its rules. -- Jack Nicklaus

I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyones golf game. Its called an eraser. -- Arnold Palmer

The harder you work, the luckier you get.
 -- Gary Player

@la_loquita We are breaking into real estate investing and we love @realDonaldTrump because he knows his business!!  Great, good luck!

@MasterBaxter8: Only someone like you successful at so much deserves a shot to be President! We dont need another mediocre politician

@MrLWord: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president

@benpobjie: If @realDonaldTrump doesnt run for president in 2016 I will gut myself on live TV

@AndrewJAlbert01: Also, I want to hit @realDonaldTrumps new course, Ferry Point, when it opens. Views cant be beat

@MegaHeid: I think I speak for most right-minded folk when I say: I really hope @realDonaldTrump does run for president

@evanbooth5: Save us @realDonaldTrump, youre our only hope! #Trump2016

@nurse4bebes: @realDonaldTrump Donald!!!! Please run for President! Our country needs you!!!

@spinenumber408: Quality fans, bro. @Stevieboy_63: @realDonaldTrump Go Donald,your are the one to get this country back. DONALD TRUMP 2016

@metanoik: Donald Trumps Ferry Point Golf Course Accepting Tee Times -   #economy

@dochubbard62: @realDonaldTrump 2016 - President of the United States of America. God bless and God speed, praying for you and the country

@HarryPlush: US golf team needs to think outside the box and hire @realDonaldTrump as Captain! Best course owner ever  THANK YOU!

@EJ1469: @realDonaldTrump well half of Mexico will see the event because they are here in the USA

@Cabraler: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President. Youve had my vote a long time ago. #2016

Mexicos court system  corrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S

@DNorrell: @realDonaldTrump we need you in Washington. Weve got dopes running the show on both sides of the isle.  VERY TRUE!

@GreeneyesA78: @realDonaldTrump Dont ever change who you are!! I promise!

Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. I,for one, will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs

Every sport evolves. Every sport gets bigger and more athletic, and you have to keep up. -- Tiger Woods

Because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya, who owes me lots of money, Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant

Despite Mexicos interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant, it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen

I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me

The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam Snead

Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- Ben Hogan

@jlawfriedman: @realDonaldTrump The property and course look spectacular! #trumpworthy  Thank you!

@bahia6085: @TrumpFerryPoint @realDonaldTrump WOW!

@LakersCanes305: On my way to @TrumpDoral What better way to start my 10th wedding anniversary!  @realDonaldTrump

@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump Congrats. Have a great time! God Bless ! How about a hole in one!!!!

@anthonyjmyers: Looking at @realDonaldTrump compared to every other 2016 candidate give me hope. #Trump2016 WE CAN DO THIS

Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLDS TOP FIFTY PLAYERS!

@LakersCanes305: @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Ill b there in a couple hours! Cant wait to see what this place looks like!

@ElianaBenador: #CPAC th crystal ball to see th future: True Conservative candidates will be sorely missing. None of them measures toTrump

@tharris012: @realDonaldTrump for president

@jamesmason1: @realDonaldTrump: We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player

@DanielPokorski: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump You are the epitomy of class Thanks

@mbabramson: @realDonaldTrump Why are you the only candidate who discusses US trade imbalances with other countries? Its important!

The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win.
 -- Phil Mickelson

Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety.
 -- Jack Nicklaus

The road to success is always under construction.
 -- Arnold Palmer

We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.
 -- Gary Player

Just arrived at @trumpdoral for the @cadillacchamp starting tomorrow-

With my friends at the great @Adidas Boost event at the @cadillacchamp at @trumpdoral

@chubby6665: Legends on the wall in my bathroom at Trump Doral ..The refurb here is sensational, great venue!

All 50 of the WORLDS TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship

@KittyCakes92: @seanhannity I think @realDonaldTrump should be running instead of Jeb. We need a REAL candidate, not a so-so leader

@phatpuppyart: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump have to say I would love Donald to run---he makes me feel some pride again. Glimpses of Reagan

@SamDoyle12 @realDonaldTrump great posts. As a budding entrepreneur, I appreciate the quotes  Great--work hard and good luck!

Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower, Vancouver, will be a fantastic addition to a spectacular city

Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but dont take things personally. Thats good business

Entrepreneurs: Dont ever think youve done it all already or that youve done your best. You havent-- so dont limit yourself!

Entrepreneurs:  Follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. You alone know where you really want to go

Entrepreneurs: Paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself

Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results

Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere

Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them

Via @WashTimes by @SethMcLaughlin1: Donald Trump: I want to run for president so badly

Via @OceanDriveMag by @SuzMcGeeNYC: Q&amp;A: Ivanka Trump on the Business of Golf &amp; the Championships

Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1:Donald Trump Slams Liberals In Dishonest Press: Im Going To Start Naming Names

Via @dcexaminer by @rebeccagberg: Trump: Im the only one who can beat Hillary

Via @bpolitics by @BetBrod Trump sets an aggressive tone as he insisted hes serious about running for POTUS

@WestJournalism Exclusive  We Asked Donald Trump What Jobs He Would Offer ISIS

Be sure to watch my #CPAC2015 speech with intro by @DLoesch and a Q&amp;A with @seanhannity

Via @washingtonpost by @jdelreal: About that Donald Trump speech at CPAC

Via @CBSNews by @ReenaJF: Donald Trump scolds Republicans: Toughen up

Via @PPDNews: Donald Trump: I Am Not Doing This For Fun, We Cant Fix U.S. Unless We Put Right Person In WH

Via @BreitbartNews: DONALD TRUMP: EXEC AMNESTY WILL MAKE ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION WORSE THAN ITS EVER BEEN

Via @NRO by @LovelaceRyanD: Trump Slams Bush: I Dont See Him Winning; I Dont See Theres Any Way

Donald Trump ready to end @ApprenticeNBC for White House run  via via @dcexaminer by @eScarry

Via @TIME by @lullintheaction: #REALTIME: Donald Trump Weighs a 2016 Run At #CPAC2015

Interview w/Melanie Batley via Newsmax

#TBT With the cast of GoodFellas

Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: Trump hires Lewandowski as presidential run eyed  #FITN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Via @DailyCaller by @alweaver22:Trump: Obama One Of The Worst Things Thats Ever Happened To Israel

Via @washingtonpost by @costareports: Trump says he is serious about 2016 bid, is hiring staff and delaying TV gig

Trump Intl Hotel, Washington D.C.: The iconic Old Post Office Building will be one of the worlds great hotels

So many people are angry at my comments on Mexicobut face itMexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!

@pcufinn: @realDonaldTrump Why dont you put a TRUMP fence up and do us all a favor. Great idea

@adamodell: @realDonaldTrump just wanted to say I am loving the US celebrity apprentice on bbc1 in the UK , great show and celebrities!

Good Chance Trump Will Run for President  via @Newsmax_Media by @melaniebatley

Via @BreitbartNews: MAJOR COUP: DONALD TRUMP PICKS UP TOP IOWA GRASSROOTS OPERATIVE FOR POTENTIAL 2016 CAMPAIGN

@Sethanatorr:Trump should run for president. We need him. Obama has accomplished nothing. We all know Mr. Trump knows how to get stuff done

@ShotGunFloyd: @realDonaldTrump classic!

The Mexican legal system is corrupt, as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border

Trump International Golf Links and Hotel, Ireland, is located on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare. Spectacular!

Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles is situated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean

The evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weatherboring and too many other topics

I could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorlythere is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tappedand nobody sees it!

Put the glamour, beauty &amp; mystery back in the Oscars and the ratings will zoom. Also, &amp; most importantly, the Oscars need credibility

I told everybody the Oscars were no goodNielsen ratings confirmed, one of the lowest ratings in history

The @HuffingtonPost is a total joke &amp; laughing stock of journalism, as is gross Arianna Huffington. They dont report the facts!

I have a lawsuit in Mexicos corrupt court system that I won but so far cant collect. Dont do business with Mexico!

The Oscars were a great night for Mexico &amp; why notthey are ripping off the US more than almost any other nation

The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever,  WORLDS LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!

I told you the Oscars were terriblebad look, bad talentand among the lowest ratings in shows history

@JPNwrites  The Oscars can learn a lot from the Miss Universe pageant. @realDonaldTrump  True!

@JCL30 @realDonaldTrump had a run round @TurnberryBuzz Ails this morning. Going to be great when all the changes are finished. Thanks

Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourself--if you dont, no one else will either

Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals --  and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level

Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Dont become complacent!

THE DONALD GOT A MUSKET   via @fitsnews

Trump to host #Oscars?

My @Live5News int. with @WilliamLive5 in South Carolina with @citadelgop cadets on my 757 discussing 2016

@TalismanJohnnyA: Waiting to see you at CPAC. Wish your segments were about 5 minutes longer though on Monday mornings #foxandfriends

@CatchMeOnForbes: I would love to just chill and talk with @realDonaldTrump about life. Man is a genius!  Thanks

@Colleen_VSU: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends just turned it on!! Cant wait to see you at #CPAC2015  Great

@brwneyesnbama: Great morning, coffee and @realDonaldTrump on @FoxNews this morning. Doesnt get much better than that. #foxandfriends

@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Looking forward to hearing your thoughts on this crazy scary world we live in now!! God Bless you and yours

@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends we want to hear you announce that you are going to run! Please!

@brwneyesnbama: I love @realDonaldTrump and the way he will speak the truth regardless. I have so much respect for this man. #hero Thanks

@AnnetteNavaret: @realDonaldTrump watching you now on #FOXAndFriends RUN DONALD RUN!!!!

@AnnetteNavaret: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends RUN DAMN IT!

@HeatherChilders: @LavelleGerald @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you too Gerald! Thanks for watching! Great job Heather!

@dryan5962: @realDonaldTrump always on point

@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump nice job this morning on #Foxabdfriends ! You have my vote, not Walker

The Oscars are a sad joke, very much like our President. So many things are wrong!

What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!

Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible, really BORING!

Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice!

@rosenavy5:  @MCLAUGHLlN I would vote for Donald Trump! ! A true American who understands business and stands by American people!

@taylor70778592: #ObamaLovesAmerica like Rosie ODonnell loves Donald Trump Interesting

@MCLAUGHLlN: @realDonaldTrump i plan on voting for you in 2016. We need economic success in this country I know you can provide

@themindofreyrey: You have to think anyway, so why not think big? ~@realDonaldTrump #Powerful #QuoteOfTheDay

@NewsTodayUSA: Two Canadian Coast Guard ships sent to rescue U.S. freighter stuck in ice. #globalwarming? @algore

@ColdMud: I defy the Belgians or Japanese to produce something like a @realDonaldTrump. If that makes me an exceptionalist, I plead guilty

Donald Trump promises world-class Crandon Park golf course  via @WPLGLocal10 by @GlennaOn10

Via @MiamiHerald by Bill Van Smith: @jacknicklaus reminisces amid honor at @TrumpDoral

@julsberg1723: @realDonaldTrump @toddinwichita Ill sign up too. Where? When? Im ready

@newlooksmk: @realDonaldTrump @toddinwichita run baby run!!! We need you!

@BUTTONPUSHER50: @realDonaldTrump @toddinwichita The only man who can get the US out of trouble. I will spread the word if you will run

@toddinwichita: @realDonaldTrump I will gladly volunteer for your campaign in my area . Please RUN . #VoteForTrump #TrumpForPresident

@MichaelDaudel @realDonaldTrump Thank you sir for your words of inspiration to entrepreneurs.  My pleasure. Work hard!

Entrepreneurs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solution--not the problem

Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it!

Entrepreneurs: Difficulties, mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business &amp; life. Remember to keep your equilibrium intact

Receiving the Algemeiner Liberty Award--a great honor

@TrumpDoral will be featured on @GolfChannel this morning (now)

@DbzOptimist: Most people in the US want @realDonaldTrump to Be President...Really Nice. #VoteForTrump

@cadigirl13: @realDonaldTrump Your not fired ! your hired! #TrumpForPresident

@calimtns: @realDonaldTrump Please, Please, please run for President, Im begging!!!!

@ali_khalil7: @realDonaldTrump you got my vote for 2016! #VoteForTrump

@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump Good Evening Mr President! @realDonaldTrump

@mdamelincourt: @fotograaf @realDonaldTrump @TrumpToronto We are looking forward to welcoming you

@JLNewman29: To me, what matters is doing, and giving time is far more valuable than just giving money. - @realDonaldTrump #Trump16

@txblondegrad: @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate for president that can beat Hillary and turn this country around. I agree!

@tellkell: @MelRivers @Joan_Rivers @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr beautiful and touching tribute! Ahhh she is so missed!

Via @businessinsider by @BKcolin: Donald Trump called the White House and offered to help fix the BP oil spill

The winner of Best In Show of the 139th @WKCDOGS, Miss P, visited @TrumpTowerNY today-

Via

Gov. Scott Walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. Very interesting! @GovWalker

Congrats to @cheflents of TrumpCollections #TrumpChicago on being a James Beard semifinalist:  via @CrainsChicago

Entrepreneurs:  Ignorance is not bliss, its fatal. Its costly. Pay attention or get crushed. Watch, listen and learn

Entrepreneurs:  Pay attention to your negotiation skills. Its all about persuasion, and persuasion is power

Entrepreneurs: Its often to your advantage to be underestimated

@dannyandrews51: @realDonaldTrump this country is ready for a true leader, and that leader is you! I agree!

@jodiestir: Watching reruns of the apprentice @realDonaldTrump absolutely love @piersmorgan brilliant!!

Record setting cold and snow, ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols

President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch!

Via@fitsnews: The Donald Trump Show Is Returning To SC: BILLIONAIRE MOGUL HEADS BACK TO PALMETTO STATE

Looking forward to being honored at @citadelgops Patriot Dinner with @SenatorTimScott in Charleston, SC this Sunday

Via @Newsmax_Media by Cathy Burke: Donald Trump on 2016 Bid: On Scale of 1-10 Im Much More Than Five

My joint @seanhannity int. on @FoxNews with @GeraldoRivera recapping @ApprenticeNBC &amp; discussing the 2016 election

The Great Irish Links Challenge @Trump_Ireland &amp; Lahinch Golf Club is coming this June. Dont miss it.  #Doonbeg

Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE

The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show, Miss P, will be coming to my office this morning

@Hasam_A: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president, Id vote for him in a heartbeat

@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump my hero and Americas hero! Thank you

@TossMyJohnson: @realDonaldTrump run for president

@Newsmax_Media: Geraldo: Trump Would Make US a Successful Capitalist Entity

@xkayla_rae: mom -  leave me alone I want to just be with @realDonaldTrump  Cute!

@ColinSWood: @realDonaldTrump Donald, thank you for raising millions for charity on your show!

@AllTheNewsIsNow:  Donald Trump and Geraldo Rivera recap Celebrity Apprentice: A look back at the exciting season

